{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Arial Black;
\f19\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f20\fswiss Impact;
\f21\fswiss Verdana;
\f22\froman Webdings;
\f23\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f24\fmodern Arial Alternative Symbol;
\f25\fmodern Arial Alternative;
\f26\fswiss Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
+{\footnote + 00001}
K{\footnote K Contents}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 \b0 Contents\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \uldb \cf0 Enabled\uldb0 \v Enabled\v0 \par \uldb Normal\uldb0 \v Normal\v0 \par \uldb Threshold\uldb0 \v Threshold\v0 \par \uldb Opposite Sense\uldb0 \v Opposite_Sense\v0 \par \uldb Update Frequency\uldb0 \v Update_Frequency\v0 \par \uldb Auto Save\uldb0 \v Auto_Save\v0 \par \uldb Auto Save Interval\uldb0 \v Auto_Save_Interval\v0 \par \uldb Open\uldb0 \v Open\v0 \par \uldb Save\uldb0 \v Save\v0 \par \uldb Save As\uldb0 \v Save_As\v0 \par \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \uldb Exit\uldb0 \v Exit\v0 \par \uldb Axes and Buttons\uldb0 \v Axes_and_Buttons\v0 \par \uldb OrbWorks as a Service\uldb0 \v OrbWorks_as_a_Service\v0 \par \uldb Known Bugs or Problems\uldb0 \v Known_Bugs_or_Problems\v0 \par \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \uldb About\uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Enabled}
#{\footnote # Enabled}
+{\footnote + 00002}
K{\footnote K Enabled}
K{\footnote K axis }
K{\footnote K button}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Enabled\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f4 \fs24 \pard \f15 \fs28 \cf0 Check box to allow action with axis or button.\f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Normal}
#{\footnote # Normal}
+{\footnote + 00003}
K{\footnote K Normal}
K{\footnote K axis }
K{\footnote K button }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Normal\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Action assigned to axis or button when no button is pressed.\par \page 
${\footnote $ Threshold}
#{\footnote # Threshold}
+{\footnote + 00004}
K{\footnote K Threshold}
K{\footnote K joystick 'jitter'}
K{\footnote K range }
K{\footnote K minimum movement}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Threshold\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f4 \fs24 \pard \f15 \fs28 \cf0 Minimum movement required to initiate axis action.  The full range is -100 to +100.  The threshold is to allow for joystick 'jitter'.\f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Opposite Sense}
#{\footnote # Opposite_Sense}
+{\footnote + 00005}
K{\footnote K Opposite Sense}
K{\footnote K direction }
K{\footnote K opposite }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Opposite Sense\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Check box to interpret joystick axis movements in the opposite direction to 'normal'.  This will affect both the 'Normal' and 'Normal + Modified' actions.  This is probably most useful for zooming in and out.\par \page 
${\footnote $ Communications Port}
#{\footnote # Communications_Port}
+{\footnote + 00006}
K{\footnote K Communications Port}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Communications Port\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Choose the serial port (COM 1 - 4) to which the SpaceOrb is connected.\par \page 
${\footnote $ Update Frequency}
#{\footnote # Update_Frequency}
+{\footnote + 00007}
K{\footnote K Update Frequency}
K{\footnote K interval}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn Update Frequency\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f4 \fs24 \pard \f15 \fs28 \cf0 Interval, in milliseconds, between reading the controller.\f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Start Minimised}
#{\footnote # Start_Minimised}
+{\footnote + 00008}
K{\footnote K Start Minimised}
K{\footnote K active document}
K{\footnote K save}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Start Minimised\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Starts OrbWorks as a minimised icon.  The settings will be read from the \i OrbWorks.ini\i0  file in the Windows directory.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Auto Save}
#{\footnote # Auto_Save}
+{\footnote + 00009}
K{\footnote K Auto Save}
K{\footnote K active document}
K{\footnote K save}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Auto Save\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Check box to periodically save the active document.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Auto Save Interval\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Auto_Save_Interval\cf5 \b \v0 \par \f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Auto Save Interval}
#{\footnote # Auto_Save_Interval}
+{\footnote + 00010}
K{\footnote K Auto Save Interval}
K{\footnote K save }
K{\footnote K active document}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Auto Save Interval\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Period, in minutes, between saving the active document.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Auto Save\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Auto_Save\cf5 \b \v0 \par \f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Open}
#{\footnote # Open}
+{\footnote + 00011}
K{\footnote K Open}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Open\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Open an *.ini file to load settings for axis and button assignments.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Save\uldb0 \v SAVE\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Save As\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Save_As\cf5 \b \v0 \par \f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Save}
#{\footnote # Save}
+{\footnote + 00012}
K{\footnote K Save}
K{\footnote K StkWorks.ini}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Save\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Save axis and button assignments to current file.\par \par Default file name is:\par \tab Windows 95\tab \tab \tab \i windows\i0 \\OrbWorks.ini\par \tab Windows NT\tab \tab \i windows\i0 \\OrbWorks.ini\par \par where:\par \tab \i windows\tab \i0 is the Windows directory\par \par This file is loaded on startup.  If it cannot be found, default settings are used.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Open\uldb0 \v OPEN\b0 \v0 \par \b \tab \tab \uldb Save As\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Save_As\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Install / Uninstall\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\cf5 \b \v0 \par \f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Save As}
#{\footnote # Save_As}
+{\footnote + 00013}
K{\footnote K Save As}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Save As\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f4 \fs24 \pard \f15 \fs28 \cf0 Save axis and button assignments to a different *.ini file.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Open\uldb0 \v OPEN\b0 \v0 \par \b \tab \tab \uldb Save\uldb0 \v SAVE\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \v0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Exit}
#{\footnote # Exit}
+{\footnote + 00014}
K{\footnote K Exit}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Exit\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f4 \fs24 \pard \f15 \fs28 \cf0 Quit the program.\f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Install Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + 00015}
K{\footnote K Install Uninstall}
K{\footnote K StkWorks.ini}
K{\footnote K Install}
K{\footnote K Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Install Uninstall\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Install \b0 \par Copy/unzip the executable (\i OrbWorks.exe\i0 ) and help \i (OrbWorks.hlp\i0 ) files to a directory of your choice.  Optionally, copy/unzip the default configuration file (\i OrbWorks.ini\i0 ) to your Windows directory.\par \par \b Uninstall\b0 \par Delete the executable, help and all configuration (\i *.ini\i0 ) files in the directory.  Delete the \i OrbWorks.ini\i0  file from the Windows directory, if it exists. \par \par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Save\uldb0 \v SAVE\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \v0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Machine ID}
#{\footnote # Machine_ID}
+{\footnote + 00016}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Machine ID\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This is a unique number to identify the machine from other machines.  The software registration code is licensed to this machine only.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par You may copy this number to the Windows clipboard using ctrl-insert.  You may then paste it into an email or fax to obtain your registration code.\par \par This field is not editable since it is unique to the machine.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \cf1 \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Code}
#{\footnote # Code}
+{\footnote + 00017}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Code\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the unique software registration code for your machine.  If successful, this will write the code to the currently loaded *.ini file.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the software registration code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \cf5 \b \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Registration}
#{\footnote # Registration}
+{\footnote + 00018}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Registration\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \f15 \b \cf0 Limititations of Software\b0 \par \pard Without a valid software registration code, the software will only function for 15 minutes before closing.  All functions are enabled for the 15 minutes.  The program may be restarted for additional lots of 15 minutes.\par \par \b Getting a Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "Help" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab copy "Machine ID" to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste into email or fax by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type or write in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab send to \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners with payment\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab a software registration code will be sent by return email or fax\par \pard \par \b Entering the Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if software registration code has been received by email, copy software registration code to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "Help" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste software registration code from clipboard by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab press "Register" button\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if successful, this will write the software registration code to the currently loaded *.ini file\par \pard \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID and software registration codes are case sensitive.\fs28 \par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Calibration}
#{\footnote # Calibration}
+{\footnote + 00019}
K{\footnote K Calibration}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Calibration\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Calibration of the SpaceOrb should not be necessary.  It is a digital device and adjustment should not be necessary.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Axes and Buttons}
#{\footnote # Axes_and_Buttons}
+{\footnote + 00020}
K{\footnote K Axes and Buttons}
K{\footnote K Buttons}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Axes and Buttons\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Axes\b0 \par Most joysticks support at least two axes - X and Y.  More joysticks are now supporting additional axes.  In particular, rotation about the X, Y and Z axes are now being supported.\par \par The SpaceOrb and OrbWorks supports all three translational and all three rotataional axes for a total of six degrees of freedom.\par \par \b Buttons\b0 \par Similarly, many joysticks have more than four buttons but the joystick driver supports only a maximum of four buttons.  The SpaceOrb and OrbWorks supports all six buttons.  It is possible to support the reset button but this is in a rather awkward place on the SpaceOrb.  If there are sufficient requests, it can be easily added.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ OrbWorks as a Service}
#{\footnote # OrbWorks_as_a_Service}
+{\footnote + 00021}
K{\footnote K OrbWorks as a Service}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 OrbWorks as a Service\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 From the NT FAQ:\par \tab The NT Resource Kit includes a utility called SRVANY.EXE which runs an applications as a service. There is more information on this at:\par \tab http://www.microsoft.com/kb/articles/q137/8/90.htm\par \par also read the file that comes with the resource kit (Start - Resource Kit - Configuration - Running  an application as a service).\par \par To run your application as a service using Windows 95, \par \par \tab 1) add a new string value to this registry key: \par \tab \tab HKLM\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\RunServices\par      \tab 2) enter the full path to the executable (OrbWorks.exe) \par      \tab 3) reboot machine\par \par There is a very good description how to do these at: \par \tab http://vb.duke-net.com/howto/service.shtml\par \tab http://vb.duke-net.com/howto/service2.shtml\par \tab http://www.cat-soft.com/srvany.htm \tab http://iris.acs.neu.edu/~mcknight/WINDOWSNT/srvany.html\par \tab http://mspress.microsoft.com/RESLINK/PREVIEW/TOOLBOX/tools3/srvany.htm\par \par We haven't been able to get this one working and would be keen for somebody to give us some feedback on this.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + 00022}
K{\footnote K Known Bugs or Problems}
K{\footnote K Windows 95}
K{\footnote K one instance}
K{\footnote K floating point exception}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Known Bugs or Problems\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 OrbWorks \b must\b0  be shutdown before SolidWorks otherwise an error occurs. \par \par Under Windows NT, this causes a Dr Watson error and another instance of SolidWorks is started.  This is not visible and must be terminated from the Task Manager (press CTRL-ALT-DEL).\par \par Under Windows 95, this is causes an OLE error and another instance of SolidWorks is started.  This is not visible and must be terminated from the Task Manager (press CTRL-ALT-DEL).\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par There may be problems under Windows 95 when the program tries to load the supplied \i OrbWorks.ini\i0  file.  This usually shows up as lots of error message boxes advising a floating point exception has occurred.  Delete the supplied \i OrbWorks.ini\i0  file and the program should start up with default settings.\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par When the program starts, it looks for the file \i OrbWorks.ini\i0  in the Windows directory.  If this is not found, it will assume default settings.  (see:  \b \uldb Save\b0 \uldb0 \v save\v0 )\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par Only one instance of the program is allowed.  This is so that only one set of actions is interpreted from the SpaceOrb.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + 00023}
K{\footnote K Issues}
K{\footnote K Know Bugs}
K{\footnote K Problems}
K{\footnote K Warranty, Liability and Support}
K{\footnote K Windows NT}
K{\footnote K Source Code}
K{\footnote K Spaceball}
K{\footnote K Windows 95}
K{\footnote K StkWorks.ini}
K{\footnote K control panel}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Issues\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 There are no other issues, at present.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + 00024}
K{\footnote K About}
K{\footnote K email}
K{\footnote K web}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 About\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Commercial Version\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:    925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com \tab \par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \par \page 
}