{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Arial Black;
\f19\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f20\fswiss Impact;
\f21\fswiss Verdana;
\f22\froman Webdings;
\f23\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f24\fmodern Arial Alternative Symbol;
\f25\fmodern Arial Alternative;
\f26\fswiss Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
+{\footnote + 00001}
K{\footnote K Contents}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 \b0 Contents\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \uldb \cf0 Getting Started\uldb0 \v Getting_Started\v0 \par \uldb Text Box\uldb0 \v Text_Box\v0 \par \uldb Check\uldb0 \v Check\v0 \par \uldb Import\uldb0 \v Import\v0 \par \uldb Update\uldb0 \v Update\v0 \par \uldb Roll Up/Down\uldb0 \v Roll_Up_Down\v0 \par \uldb On Top\uldb0 \v On_Top\v0 \par \uldb Custom Dictionary\uldb0 \v Custom_Dictionary\v0 \par \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \uldb Machine ID\uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \uldb Code\uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \uldb Registration\uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \uldb Known Bugs or Problems\uldb0 \v Known_Bugs_or_Problems\v0 \par \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \uldb About\uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Getting Started}
#{\footnote # Getting_Started}
+{\footnote + A:00001}
K{\footnote K Getting Started}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Getting Started\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \fs0 \cf0 \{bml SPELLWKS.SHG\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 1:  SpellWorks main screen\par \par Move cursor over figure to go to links.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Text Box}
#{\footnote # Text_Box}
+{\footnote + A:00002}
K{\footnote K Text Box}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Text Box\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This box holds the text retrieved from the currently selected SolidWorks note.\par \par You can enter any text in here for spell checking.  Any text entered into this box will be spell checked when the Check button is pressed.\par \par When the Update button is pressed, the text in the box will replace the text in the currently selected SolidWorks note.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Check\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Check\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Import\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Import\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Update\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Update\cf5 \b \v0 \par \b0 \tab \b \tab \uldb Custom Dictionary\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Custom_Dictionary\cf5 \b \v0 \par \cf1 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Check}
#{\footnote # Check}
+{\footnote + A:00003}
K{\footnote K Check}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Check\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \fs0 \cf0 \{bml SW_CHK.SHG\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 2:  Spell checking dialog box\par \par \par Automatically check the text in the spell check box for spelling errors.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Text Box\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Text_Box\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Check\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Check\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Import\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Import\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Update\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Update\cf5 \v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb Custom Dictionary\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Custom_Dictionary\cf5 \b \v0 \par \cf1 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Import}
#{\footnote # Import}
+{\footnote + A:00004}
K{\footnote K Roll Up/Down}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Import\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This button will retrieve the text from the currently selected SolidWorks drawing note.  The text will replace the current text in the spell checking box.  If no drawing note is selected, then the text in the box is unaltered.\par \par Note that the SolidWorks text is automatically updated when you 'roll down' SpellWorks.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Text Box\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Text_Box\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Check\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Check\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Update\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Update\cf5 \b \v0 \par \b0 \tab \b \tab \uldb Custom Dictionary\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Custom_Dictionary\cf5 \b \v0 \par \cf1 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Update}
#{\footnote # Update}
+{\footnote + A:00005}
K{\footnote K Update}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Update\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Replace the text of the currently selected SolidWorks drawing note with the text in the spell check box.\par \par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Text Box\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Text_Box\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Check\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Check\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Import\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Import\cf5 \b \v0 \par \b0 \tab \b \tab \uldb Custom Dictionary\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Custom_Dictionary\cf5 \b \v0 \par \cf1 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Roll Up/Down}
#{\footnote # Roll_Up_Down}
+{\footnote + A:00006}
K{\footnote K Roll Up/Down}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Roll Up/Down\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 SpellWorks can reduce screen clutter by reducing it's size to that of it's title bar.  Just click on the icon in the title bar to 'roll up' SpellWorks and regain screen area.  Click again to 'roll down' and SpellWorks is ready for instant use.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Update\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Update\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb On Top\b0 \uldb0 \v On_Top\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ On Top}
#{\footnote # On_Top}
+{\footnote + A:00007}
K{\footnote K On Top}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 On Top\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 SpellWorks can float on top of all other windows.  This is very useful for keeping SpellWorks handy.  Just right click anywhere on SpellWorks to bring up a context sensitive menu.  There is an item, 'On top', and you can toggle this to set SpellWorks to float over other windows.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Roll Up/Down\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Roll_Up_Down\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Custom Dictionary}
#{\footnote # Custom_Dictionary}
+{\footnote + A:00008}
K{\footnote K Custom Dictionary}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Custom Dictionary\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 SpellWorks comes preconfigured with a custom dictionary of SolidWorks terms.  You can add your own terms to the dictionary to ignore those words which frequently occur in your notes.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Install Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + A:00009}
K{\footnote K Install Uninstall}
K{\footnote K Install}
K{\footnote K Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Install Uninstall\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Manual Install \b0 \par Copy/unzip the executable (\i SpellWks.exe\i0 ) custom dictionary (\i SolidWorks.dic\i0 ) and help \i (SpellWorks.hlp & VSpeller.hlp\i0 ) files to a directory of your choice.  Optionally, copy/unzip the configuration file (\i SpellWks.ini\i0 ) to your Windows directory.\par \par Copy the following files to your Windows system directory:\par \par \tab American.vtd\par \tab vspell32.ocx\par \tab vspell32.dll\par \par \par \b Manual Uninstall\b0 \par Delete the executable, help and all configuration (\i *.ini\i0 ) files in the directory.  Delete the \i SpellWks.ini\i0  file from the Windows directory, if it exists. \par \par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Machine ID}
#{\footnote # Machine_ID}
+{\footnote + A:00010}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Machine ID\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This is a unique number to identify the machine from other machines.  The software registration code is licensed to this machine only.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par You may copy this number to the Windows clipboard using ctrl-insert.  You may then paste it into an email or fax to obtain your registration code.\par \par This field is not editable since it is unique to the machine.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \cf1 \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Code}
#{\footnote # Code}
+{\footnote + A:00011}
K{\footnote K software registration code}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Code\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the unique software registration code for your machine.  If successful, this will write the code to the SpellWks.ini file.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the software registration code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \cf5 \b \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Registration}
#{\footnote # Registration}
+{\footnote + A:00012}
K{\footnote K Software Registration Code}
K{\footnote K Register}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Registration\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \f15 \b \cf0 Limitations of Software\b0 \par \pard Without a valid software registration code, the software will only update the SolidWorks text 10 times.  When that limit is reached, you will still be able to perform spell checks and retrieve the SolidWorks text but the ability to update will be disabled.  The program may be restarted for additional lots of 10 updates.\par \par \b Getting a Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "Help" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab copy "Machine ID" to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste into email or fax by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type or write in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab send to \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners with payment\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab a software registration code will be sent by return email or fax\par \pard \par \b Entering the Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if software registration code has been received by email, copy software registration code to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "Help" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste software registration code from clipboard by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab press "Register" button\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if successful, this will write the software registration code to the SpellWks.ini file\par \pard \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID and software registration codes are case sensitive.\fs28 \par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + A:00013}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Known Bugs or Problems\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 If you have links to dimensions in a SolidWorks drawing, these are \b NOT \b0 imported correctly into SpellWorks.  They are imported as the resultant values rather than the links.  Thus, if you update the text, any such links will be lost.\par \par Please note that this is a SolidWorks problem and we cannot do anything about this.  We hope that this will be fixed in due course.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + A:00014}
K{\footnote K Issues}
K{\footnote K custom dictionary}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Issues\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 We have supplied a custom dictionary (SolidWorks.dic) which is preconfigured with all the text likely to be generated by SolidWorks.  This is so that SpellWorks can safely ignore certain text and not bother you.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + A:00015}
K{\footnote K About}
K{\footnote K email}
K{\footnote K web}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 About\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Commercial Version\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:   925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com \tab \par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \par \page 
}