{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Arial Black;
\f19\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f20\fswiss Impact;
\f21\fswiss Verdana;
\f22\froman Webdings;
\f23\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f24\fmodern Arial Alternative Symbol;
\f25\fmodern Arial Alternative;
\f26\fswiss Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
K{\footnote K Contents}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Contents\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \uldb \cf0 Getting Started\uldb0 \v Getting_Started\v0 \par \uldb Open\uldb0 \v Open\v0 \par \uldb Save\uldb0 \v Save\v0 \par \uldb Save As\uldb0 \v Save_As\v0 \par \uldb Add\uldb0 \v Add\v0 \par \uldb Remove\uldb0 \v Remove\v0 \par \uldb Convert\uldb0 \v Convert\v0 \par \uldb Exit\uldb0 \v Exit\v0 \par \uldb File Names\uldb0 \v File_Names\v0 \par \uldb Opening ViewWorks Files\uldb0 \v Opening_ViewWorks_Files\v0 \par \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \uldb Machine ID\uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \uldb Code\uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \uldb Registration\uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \uldb Known Bugs or Problems\uldb0 \v Known_Bugs_or_Problems\v0 \par \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \uldb About\uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Getting Started}
#{\footnote # Getting_Started}
+{\footnote + A:00001}
K{\footnote K Getting Started}
K{\footnote K overwrite }
K{\footnote K batch mode}
K{\footnote K addin}
K{\footnote K file size}
K{\footnote K standard SolidWorks}
K{\footnote K SolidWorks Viewer}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Getting Started\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 ViewWorks comes in two forms, a SolidWorks addin:\par \par \par \pard \fs0 \{bml VIEWWORK.SHG\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 1:  ViewWorks option added to SolidWorks Save As dialog box\par \par \par and a utility to convert files in batch mode:\par \par \par \pard \fs0 \{bml BATCH.SHG\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 2:  ViewWorks batch conversion utility\par \par Move cursor over figure to go to links.\par \par When saved in, or converted to, this format, ViewWorks will remove all design, parametric and contraint information from the file.  This will allow you to distribute these files for review without compromising your intellectual property.\par \par It is impossible to reconstruct the original SolidWorks model from a file saved in ViewWorks format.  This ensures the security of your design.  You can then safely distribute your SolidWorks files, safe in the knowledge that your intellectual property cannot be compromised.\par \par The files can be opened in either standard SolidWorks or the SolidWorks Viewer.\par \par The resultant file size is also dramatically reduced, in some cases by up to 90%!  This means easier and faster transfer by email or ftp.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Opening ViewWorks Files\b0 \uldb0 \v Opening_ViewWorks_Files\v0 \par \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Save (addin)}
#{\footnote # Save__addin_}
+{\footnote + A:00002}
K{\footnote K Save (addin)}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Save (addin)\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This will save the current SolidWorks file in ViewWorks format under the filename that you specify.\par \par Please note that, when used inside SolidWorks, ViewWorks will \fs36 \b NOT\fs28 \b0  overwrite an existing file because all design, parametric and constraint information would then be lost.  This is an intended safety feature.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Issues\b0 \uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Open}
#{\footnote # Open}
+{\footnote + A:00003}
K{\footnote K Open}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Open\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This will start a standard Windows file open dialog box so you can browse to a previously saved list of files.  The default file extension is *.txt\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Save\uldb0 \v Save\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Save As\uldb0 \v Save_As\b0 \v0 \par \tab \tab \par \page 
${\footnote $ Save}
#{\footnote # Save}
+{\footnote + A:00004}
K{\footnote K Save}
K{\footnote K *.txt}
K{\footnote K extension }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Save\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This will allow you to save a list of files for later retrieval.  This is very useful when you have to regularly convert large numbers of SolidWorks files.\par \par The default file extension is *.txt and the files may be edited with any plain text editor, such as Windows Notepad.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Open\b0 \uldb0 \v Open\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Save As\b0 \uldb0 \v Save_As\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Add}
#{\footnote # Add}
+{\footnote + A:00005}
K{\footnote K Add}
K{\footnote K 'Insert' key}
K{\footnote K drag and drop}
K{\footnote K folders}
K{\footnote K sub-folders}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Add\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Starts a standard Windows Open File dialog box to select SolidWorks files for conversion.  Multi-selection is supported.\par \par The file dialog box may also be started by pressing the 'Insert' key.\par \par Files may also be dragged and dropped from Windows Explorer.  When adding files in this way, it is possible to also drag and drop folders.  Any SolidWorks files in folders and sub-folders will be added to the list.\par \par Note that in either case, it is only possible to add SolidWorks files to the list.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Remove\b0 \uldb0 \v Remove\v0 \par \tab \tab \par \page 
${\footnote $ Save As}
#{\footnote # Save_As}
+{\footnote + A:00006}
K{\footnote K Save As}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Save As\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This will allow you to save the currently loaded list of files under a different name.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Open\b0 \uldb0 \v Open\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Save\b0 \uldb0 \v Save\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Remove}
#{\footnote # Remove}
+{\footnote + A:00007}
K{\footnote K Remove}
K{\footnote K 'Delete' key}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Remove\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Deletes selected files from the list of files to be converted.  Multi-select is supported for both contiguous and non-contiguous selections of files.\par \par The files may also be deleted by pressing the 'Delete' key.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Add\b0 \uldb0 \v Add\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Convert}
#{\footnote # Convert}
+{\footnote + A:00008}
K{\footnote K Convert}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Convert\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Start a batch conversion of all files in the list to ViewWorks format.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Exit}
#{\footnote # Exit}
+{\footnote + A:00009}
K{\footnote K Exit}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Exit\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Closes ViewWorks, any changes to the list of files will not be saved.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Save\b0 \uldb0 \v Save\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Save As\b0 \uldb0 \v Save_As\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ File Names}
#{\footnote # File_Names}
+{\footnote + A:00010}
K{\footnote K File Names}
K{\footnote K _ViewWorks}
K{\footnote K batch mode}
K{\footnote K append }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 File Names\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 When used in batch mode, ViewWorks will append "_ViewWorks" to the end of each file name.  ie if a file is called press.sldprt, the ViewWorks file will be called press_ViewWorks.sldprt\par \par Note that if the file with the appended suffix exists, it will be overwritten.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Issues\b0 \uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Opening ViewWorks Files}
#{\footnote # Opening_ViewWorks_Files}
+{\footnote + A:00011}
K{\footnote K Opening ViewWorks Files}
K{\footnote K View-Only}
K{\footnote K disable }
K{\footnote K toolbar options}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Opening ViewWorks Files\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 It is possible to open ViewWorks files in standard SolidWorks, as opposed to the SolidWorks Viewer, by checking the View-Only box on the Open dialog box (see figure below).\par \par \par \pard \fs0 \{bml OPEN.SHG\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 3:  opening a ViewWorks file in standard SolidWorks\par \par \par \par This will load the file and disable options for copying and manipulating the model (see figures below).\par \par \par \pard \fs0 \{bml VIEWWO~3.BMP\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 4:  menu options disabled in View-Only mode\par \par \par \pard \fs0 \{bml TOOLBAR.SHG\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 5:  toolbar options disabled in View-Only mode\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Install Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + A:00012}
K{\footnote K Install Uninstall}
K{\footnote K Install}
K{\footnote K Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Install Uninstall\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Installation:\b0 \par Several entries have to be made in the registry. It is highly recommended that this be left to the installation program.\par \par For the brave of heart attempting a manual installation, please read the Manual Install section next.\par \par \b Manual Install\b0 \par 1) The following files are required:\par     \tab Windows NT:\par         \tab \tab ViewWorksNT.reg\tab \tab registry settings\par         \tab \tab ViewWorksNT.dll\tab \tab ViewWorks\par \tab \tab VWks.hlp\tab \tab help file\par \tab \tab ViewWorks.ini\tab \tab \tab registration code\par \par     \tab Windows 95:\par         \tab \tab ViewWorks95.reg\tab \tab registry settings\par         \tab \tab ViewWorks95.dll\tab \tab ViewWorks\par \tab \tab VWks.hlp\tab \tab help file\par \tab \tab ViewWorks.ini\tab \tab \tab registration code\par \par 2)  Place all the ViewWorks files, except for ViewWorks.ini, in the:\par \par \tab C:\\Program FilesSolidPartners\\ViewWorks\par \par directory.  If this directory does not exist, create it.\par \par Place ViewWorks.ini in your Windows directory, usually C:\\WinNT (Windows NT) or C:\\Windows (Windows 95).\par \par 3) Double click on the registry settings file:\par \par \tab ViewWorksNT.reg\par or\par \par \tab ViewWorks95.reg\par \par as appropriate, to install it to the Windows registry.\par \par 4) Load StickWorks into SolidWorks with the SolidWorks Addin Manager:\par \par \tab Tools->Addins\par \par \b Manual Uninstall\b0 \par 1) Delete all files in the directory.\par \par 2) Optionally, run the registry editor (regedit.exe); search for all keys with "ViewWorks" in them; delete these keys.\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Machine ID}
#{\footnote # Machine_ID}
+{\footnote + A:00013}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Machine ID\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This is a unique number to identify the machine from other machines.  The software registration code is licensed to this machine only.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par You may copy this number to the Windows clipboard using ctrl-insert.  You may then paste it into an email or fax to obtain your registration code.\par \par This field is not editable since it is unique to the machine.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \cf1 \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Code}
#{\footnote # Code}
+{\footnote + A:00014}
K{\footnote K software registration code}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Code\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the unique software registration code for your machine.  If successful, this will write the code to the ViewWorks.ini file.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the software registration code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \cf5 \b \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Registration}
#{\footnote # Registration}
+{\footnote + A:00015}
K{\footnote K Software Registration Code}
K{\footnote K Register}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Registration\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \f15 \b \cf0 Limitations of Software\b0 \par \pard Without a valid software registration code, the software will only save in the SolidWorks Viewer format 5 times.  All functions are enabled for the 5 times.  The program may be reloaded for additional lots of 5 saves.\par \par \b Getting a Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "SolidPartners->ViewWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab copy "Machine ID" to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste into email or fax by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type or write in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab send to \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners with payment\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab a software registration code will be sent by return email or fax\par \pard \par \b Entering the Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if software registration code has been received by email, copy software registration code to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "SolidPartners->ViewWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste software registration code from clipboard by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab press "Register" button\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if successful, this will write the software registration code to the currently loaded *.ini file\par \pard \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID and software registration codes are case sensitive.\fs28 \par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + A:00016}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Known Bugs or Problems\par \b0 \pard \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + A:00017}
K{\footnote K Issues}
K{\footnote K limitations }
K{\footnote K timestamp }
K{\footnote K datestamp }
K{\footnote K configuration}
K{\footnote K limitations }
K{\footnote K overwrite }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Issues\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 ViewWorks files have the same limitations as files viewed in the SolidWorks Viewer:\par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \tab \f17 \'b7\tab \f15 only last used configuration\par \tab \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab no other configurations\par \pard \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par Please note that, when used inside SolidWorks, ViewWorks will \fs36 \b NOT\fs28 \b0  overwrite an existing file because all design, parametric and constraint information would then be lost.  This is an intended safety feature.\par \par When used in batch mode, ViewWorks will first append it's extension.  If this file already exists, it will be overwritten.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb File Names\b0 \uldb0 \v File_Names\v0 \par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par ViewWorks files have the same timestamp and datestamp as the original SolidWorks file.  This is so that they will appear next to the original SolidWorks files when sorted by date in Windows Explorer.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + A:00018}
K{\footnote K About}
K{\footnote K email}
K{\footnote K web}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 About\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Commercial Version\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:   925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com \tab \par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \par \page 
}