{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Arial Black;
\f19\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f20\fswiss Impact;
\f21\fswiss Verdana;
\f22\froman Webdings;
\f23\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f24\fmodern Arial Alternative Symbol;
\f25\fmodern Arial Alternative;
\f26\fswiss Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
+{\footnote + 00001}
K{\footnote K Contents}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 \b0 Contents\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \uldb \cf0 Unfragmenting\uldb0 \v Unfragmenting\v0 \par \uldb Dual Boot\uldb0 \v Dual_Boot\v0 \par \uldb Machine ID\uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \uldb Code\uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \uldb Registration\uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \uldb Known Bugs or Problems\uldb0 \v Known_Bugs_or_Problems\v0 \par \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \uldb About\uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Unfragmenting}
#{\footnote # Unfragmenting}
+{\footnote + A:00001}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Unfragmenting\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 What is 'Unfragmenting'?\par \b0 'Unfragmenting' is probably a slight misdescription.  Fragmented files are generally spread over a number of physical locations on a hard disk.  Conventional disk 'defragmentation' collects all these separate pieces and joins them into one single piece. The file is contiguous but it's size is the same.\par \par In contrast, UnfragWorks reduces the file size by removing redundant information whilst retaining the document information.\par \par \b How does it work?\par \b0 Every Microsoft compound document, that supports Object Linking and Embedding (OLE), such as SolidWorks files, can contain redundant information.  UnfragWorks removes this redundancy to dramatically reduce the overall file size.\par \b \par When does it work?\par \b0 UnfragWorks runs every time you close a file.  If you have saved any changes, these are preserved.  Note that if you wanted to discard these changes ie close without saving, UnfragWorks will unfragment the file but not save any changes.\par \b \par Is it safe?\par \b0 UnfragWorks has been tested, and works correctly, with the latest version of SolidWorks.  The only change to the SolidWorks file is in the file size.\par \par UnfragWorks preserves all parametric information and does not alter data in any way.\par \par UnfragWorks is compatible with all SolidWorks file formats past, present and future.\par \par UnfragWorks is totally safe to use in a production environment.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Dual Boot}
#{\footnote # Dual_Boot}
+{\footnote + A:00002}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Dual Boot\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 If you are using a dual boot system to switch between Windows NT and Windows 95, the automatic installation program will detect the operating system and install the correct file for the operating system.\par \par The filenames for the two operating systems are different so that UnfragWorks may be installed to the same directory for both operating systems.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Right Mouse Button}
#{\footnote # Right_Mouse_Button}
+{\footnote + A:00003}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Right Mouse Button\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 UnfragWorks adds a right mouse button menu to Windows Explorer for SolidWorks part, assembly and drawing files.  This allows unfragging directly from Explorer without having to load the files into SolidWorks.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Machine ID}
#{\footnote # Machine_ID}
+{\footnote + A:00004}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Machine ID\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This is a unique number to identify the machine from other machines.  The software registration code is licensed to this machine only.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par You may copy this number to the Windows clipboard using ctrl-insert.  You may then paste it into an email or fax to obtain your registration code.\par \par This field is not editable since it is unique to the machine.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \cf1 \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Install Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + A:00005}
K{\footnote K Install Uninstall}
K{\footnote K PtrWorks.ini}
K{\footnote K Install}
K{\footnote K Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Install Uninstall\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Installation:\b0 \par Several entries have to be made in the registry. It is highly recommended that this be left to the installation program.\par \par For the brave of heart attempting a manual installation, please read the Manual Install section next.\par \par \b Manual Install\b0 \par Manual Installation:\par 1) The following files are required:\par     All platforms:\par \tab UnfragWorks.exe\tab \tab UnfragWorks\par \tab UnfrgWks.hlp\tab \tab help file\par \tab UnfragWorks.ini\tab \tab configuration file\par \tab SldPrt.reg\tab \tab \tab registry settings\par \tab SldAsm.reg\tab \tab \tab registry settings\par \tab SldDrw.reg\tab \tab \tab registry settings\par \par     Windows NT:\par \tab UnfragWorksNT.reg\tab registry settings\par \tab UnfragWorksNT.dll\tab UnfragWorks\par \par     Windows 95:\par \tab UnfragWorks95.reg\tab registry settings\par \tab UnfragWorks95.dll\tab \tab UnfragWorks\par \par 2)  Place all the UnfragWorks files, except for UnfragWorks.ini, in the:\par \par \tab C:\\Program Files\\\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners\\UnfragWorks\par \par directory.  If this directory does not exist, create it.\par \par Place UnfragWorks.exe & UnfragWorks.ini in your Windows directory, usually C:\\WinNT (Windows NT) or C:\\Windows (Windows 95).\par \par 3) Double click on the registry settings files:\par \tab SldPrt.reg\par \tab SldAsm.reg\par \tab SldDrw.reg\par \par and\par \par \tab UnfragWorksNT.reg\par or\par \par \tab UnfragWorks95.reg\par \par as appropriate, to install them to the Windows registry.\par \par \par \b Manual Uninstall\b0 \par 1) Delete all files in the directory.\par \par 2) Optionally, run the registry editor (regedit.exe); search for all keys with "UnfragWorks" in them; delete these keys.\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Code}
#{\footnote # Code}
+{\footnote + A:00006}
K{\footnote K software registration code}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Code\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the unique software registration code for your machine.  If successful, this will write the code to a file.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the software registration code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \cf5 \b \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Registration}
#{\footnote # Registration}
+{\footnote + A:00007}
K{\footnote K Software Registration Code}
K{\footnote K Register}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Registration\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \f15 \b \cf0 Limitations of Software\b0 \par \pard Without a valid software registration code, the software will only function for five (5) files.  The addin may be reloaded for additional lots of 5 files.\par \par The unregistered version adds a menubar to the SolidWorks program.  The registered version only adds a few menu items to the Tools menu bar.  This reduces menu clutter.\par \par \b Getting a Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "SolidPartners->UnfragWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab copy "Machine ID" to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste into email or fax by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type or write in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab send to \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners with payment\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab a software registration code will be sent by return email or fax\par \pard \par \b Entering the Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx270 \fi-360 \li360 \tab  \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if software registration code has been received by email, copy software registration code to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "SolidPartners->UnfragWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste software registration code from clipboard by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab press "Register" button\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if successful, this will write the software registration code to the UnfragWorks.ini file in your Windows directory, usually C:\\WinNT (Windows NT) or C:\\Windows (Windows 95).\par \pard \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID and software registration codes are case sensitive.\fs28 \par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + A:00008}
K{\footnote K Addin Manager}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Known Bugs or Problems\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 If you manually start UnfragWorks with the Addin Manager, it will not work with any currently open windows.\par \par To overcome this, simply close the windows and reopen them.\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + A:00009}
K{\footnote K Issues}
K{\footnote K API}
K{\footnote K 1999/042}
K{\footnote K SolidWorks 98Plus}
K{\footnote K 98Plus}
K{\footnote K free upgrade}
K{\footnote K hidden in gray}
K{\footnote K correct files and locations}
K{\footnote K view manipulation}
K{\footnote K workarounds }
K{\footnote K wireframe }
K{\footnote K performance }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Issues\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Please make sure you have the correct version of UnfragWorks for your operating system.  There are separate versions for Windows NT and Windows 95.  They are not interchangeable.\par \par The correct files and locations are:\par \par \tab Windows NT:\par \tab \tab files:\par \tab         \tab \tab UnfragWorksNT.dll\par \tab \tab \tab UnfrgWks.hlp\par \tab \tab \tab UnfragWorks.ini\par \tab \tab location:\par \tab \tab \tab C:\\Program Files\\\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners\\UnfragWorks\par \par \tab Windows 95:\par \tab \tab files:\par \tab \tab \tab UnfragWorks95.dll\par \tab \tab \tab UnfrgWks.hlp\par \tab \tab \tab UnfragWorks.ini\par \tab \tab location:\par \tab \tab \tab C:\\Program Files\\\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners\\UnfragWorks\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + A:00010}
K{\footnote K About}
K{\footnote K email}
K{\footnote K web}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 About\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Commercial Version\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:   925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com \tab \par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \par \page 
}