{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Arial Black;
\f19\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f20\fswiss Impact;
\f21\fswiss Verdana;
\f22\froman Webdings;
\f23\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f24\fmodern Arial Alternative Symbol;
\f25\fmodern Arial Alternative;
\f26\fswiss Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
K{\footnote K Contents}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Contents\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \uldb \cf0 Getting Started\uldb0 \v Getting_Started\v0 \par \uldb Save As\uldb0 \v Save_As\v0 \par \uldb Open\uldb0 \v Open\v0 \par \uldb Opening BundleWorks Files\uldb0 \v Opening_BundleWorks_Files\v0 \par \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \uldb Machine ID\uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \uldb Code\uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \uldb Registration\uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \uldb Known Bugs or Problems\uldb0 \v Known_Bugs_or_Problems\v0 \par \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \uldb About\uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Getting Started}
#{\footnote # Getting_Started}
+{\footnote + A:00001}
K{\footnote K Getting Started}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Getting Started\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 BundleWorks allows you to save files as WinZip compatible files for archiving or sending by email or FTP.  BundleWorks will also allow you to transparently unzip and open WinZip files.\par \par \par \par Figure 1:  BundleWorks option added to SolidWorks Save As dialog box\par \par Figure 2:  BundleWorks option added to SolidWorks Open dialog box\par \par \par Move cursor over figures to go to links\par \par see also:\tab \par \par \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Save As}
#{\footnote # Save_As}
+{\footnote + A:00002}
K{\footnote K Save As}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Save As\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \par \par \cf0 see also:\tab \b \uldb Issues\b0 \uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Open}
#{\footnote # Open}
+{\footnote + A:00003}
K{\footnote K Open}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Open\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \par \cf0 see also:\tab \b \uldb Save As\uldb0 \v Save_As\b0 \v0 \par \tab \tab \par \page 
${\footnote $ Opening BundleWorks Files}
#{\footnote # Opening_BundleWorks_Files}
+{\footnote + A:00004}
K{\footnote K Opening BundleWorks Files}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Opening BundleWorks Files\par \b0 \pard \page 
${\footnote $ Install Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + A:00005}
K{\footnote K Install Uninstall}
K{\footnote K Install}
K{\footnote K Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Install Uninstall\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Installation:\b0 \par Several entries have to be made in the registry. It is highly recommended that this be left to the installation program.\par \par For the brave of heart attempting a manual installation, please read the Manual Install section next.\par \par \b Manual Install\b0 \par Manual Installation:\par 1) The following files are required:\par     Windows NT:\par \tab BunWksNT.dll\tab \tab BundleWorks\par \tab BunWksNT.reg\tab \tab registry file\par \tab IsUn32ex.exe            uninstallation program\par \par     Windows 95:\par \tab BunWks95.dll\tab \tab BundleWorks\par \tab BunWks95.reg\tab \tab registry file\par \tab IsUn32ex.exe            uninstallation program\par \par     Windows NT & 95 system:\par \tab BunWks.hlp\tab \tab help file\par \tab BunWks.dll\tab \tab BundleWorks support file\par \tab unzdll.dll\tab \tab unzip dll\par \tab zipdll.dll\tab \tab zip dll\par \par 2) Place all the BundleWorks files, except for\par the system files, in the:\par \par     C:\\Program Files\\SolidPartners\\BundleWorks\par \par directory.  If this directory does not exist, create it.\par \par Place the sysem files in your Windows system directory, usually C:\\WinNT\\system32 (Windows NT) or C:\\Windows\\system (Windows 95).\par \par 3) Double click on the registry settings files\par to install them to the Windows registry.\par \par \b Manual Uninstall\b0 \par 1) run the uninstallation program IsUn32ex.exe to remove the registry settings\par \par 2) delete the program, help and configuration files\par \par 3) delete the installation directory\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Machine ID}
#{\footnote # Machine_ID}
+{\footnote + A:00006}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Machine ID\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This is a unique number to identify the machine from other machines.  The software registration code is licensed to this machine only.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par You may copy this number to the Windows clipboard using ctrl-insert.  You may then paste it into an email or fax to obtain your registration code.\par \par This field is not editable since it is unique to the machine.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \cf1 \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Code}
#{\footnote # Code}
+{\footnote + A:00007}
K{\footnote K software registration code}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Code\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the unique software registration code for your machine.  If successful, this will write the code to the ViewWorks.ini file.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the software registration code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \cf5 \b \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Registration}
#{\footnote # Registration}
+{\footnote + A:00008}
K{\footnote K Software Registration Code}
K{\footnote K Register}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Registration\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \f15 \b \cf0 Limitations of Software\b0 \par \pard Without a valid software registration code, the software will only save in the SolidWorks Viewer format 5 times.  All functions are enabled for the 5 times.  The program may be reloaded for additional lots of 5 saves.\par \par \b Getting a Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "SolidPartners->ViewWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab copy "Machine ID" to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste into email or fax by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type or write in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab send to \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners with payment\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab a software registration code will be sent by return email or fax\par \pard \par \b Entering the Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if software registration code has been received by email, copy software registration code to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "SolidPartners->ViewWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste software registration code from clipboard by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab press "Register" button\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if successful, this will write the software registration code to the currently loaded *.ini file\par \pard \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID and software registration codes are case sensitive.\fs28 \par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + A:00009}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Known Bugs or Problems\par \b0 \pard \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + A:00010}
K{\footnote K Issues}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Issues\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + A:00011}
K{\footnote K About}
K{\footnote K email}
K{\footnote K web}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 About\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Commercial Version\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:   925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com \tab \par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \par \page 
}