{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Arial Black;
\f19\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f20\fswiss Impact;
\f21\fswiss Verdana;
\f22\froman Webdings;
\f23\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f24\fmodern Arial Alternative Symbol;
\f25\fmodern Arial Alternative;
\f26\fswiss Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
+{\footnote + 00001}
K{\footnote K Contents}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 \b0 Contents\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \uldb \cf0 Getting Started\uldb0 \v Getting_Started\v0 \par \uldb Configure\uldb0 \v Configure\v0 \par \uldb Calibrate\uldb0 \v Calibrate\v0 \par \uldb Mappings\uldb0 \v Mappings\v0 \par \uldb Controllers\uldb0 \v Controllers\v0 \par \uldb Axes\uldb0 \v Axes\v0 \par \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \uldb Machine ID\uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \uldb Code\uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \uldb Registration\uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \uldb Known Bugs or Problems\uldb0 \v Known_Bugs_or_Problems\v0 \par \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \uldb About\uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Getting Started}
#{\footnote # Getting_Started}
+{\footnote + A:00001}
K{\footnote K Getting Started}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Getting Started\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \fs0 \cf0 \{bml STKWORKS.SHG\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 1:  StickWorks menu added to SolidWorks\par \par Move cursor over figure to go to links.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Configure}
#{\footnote # Configure}
+{\footnote + A:00002}
K{\footnote K Configure}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Configure\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \fs0 \cf0 \{bml CONFIG.BMP\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 2:  Configuration dialog box\par \par \par \b Threshold\b0 \par Minimum movement required to initiate axis action.  The full range is 0 to +25.  This corresponds to about a quarter of the available joystick movement.  The threshold is to allow for joystick 'jitter'.\par \par \par \b Sensitivity\b0 \par You can adjust how much the view is changed in response to joystick movements through the sensitivity setting.  The full range is 0 to +100, with 50 corresponding to the default settings.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Mappings\b0 \uldb0 \v Mappings\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Calibrate}
#{\footnote # Calibrate}
+{\footnote + A:00003}
K{\footnote K Calibrate}
K{\footnote K control panel}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Calibrate\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Start standard Windows joystick calibration and test control panel.  Any movement or button presses are ignored whilst the control panel is active.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Issues\b0 \uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Mappings}
#{\footnote # Mappings}
+{\footnote + A:00004}
K{\footnote K Mappings}
K{\footnote K axis }
K{\footnote K button }
K{\footnote K ctrl key}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Mappings\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \fs0 \cf0 \{bml JOY_TEST.BMP\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 3:  standard Windows joystick test dialog box\par \tab (NB:  this is for a Microsoft Sidewinder 3D Pro)\par \par \par StickWorks implements the following axis and button mappings:\par \par \tab X-Y axis\tab \tab \tab panning\par \tab X-Y axis + button 1\tab rotation\par \par \tab R axis\tab \tab \tab zoom in/out\par \tab R axis + button 1\tab \tab Z axis rotation aka spinning\par \par \tab button 2\tab \tab \tab zoom to fit\par \tab button 3\tab \tab \tab control key\par \tab button 4\tab \tab \tab escape key\par \par In particular, button 3 is mapped to the control key and may be used to add/remove from the selection set.  Further, button 4 can be used to clear the selection set.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Axes\b0 \uldb0 \v Axes\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Controllers}
#{\footnote # Controllers}
+{\footnote + A:00005}
K{\footnote K Controllers}
K{\footnote K controller}
K{\footnote K joystick }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Controllers\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Any controller, games or otherwise, which is available in the Windows joystick control panel, is able to be used by StickWorks.  Most controllers come with Windows 95 joystick drivers.\par \par Any joystick for which there is a device driver should work.  If you can calibrate your joystick through the Windows control panel, StickWorks can use it.\par \par Only one joystick at a time is supported at this stage.  It is possible to support two joysticks but functionality would be lost from those joysticks with extended functionality.  That is, with two joysticks installed, each is treated as a two axis-two button joystick, regardless of the type.  This means both joysticks are reduced to the lowest common denominator.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Axes}
#{\footnote # Axes}
+{\footnote + A:00006}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Axes\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Axes\b0 \par Most joysticks support at least two axes - X and Y.  More joysticks are now supporting additional axes.  In particular, rotation about the X, Y and Z axes are now being supported.\par \par Unfortunately, there are no standard conventions as to how the Z axis and rotational axes are implemented on the controller.  For example, the MS Sidewinder Pro implements the Z axis movement through a slider on the base of the joystick.\par \par In the program the following axes are supported through the joystick driver:\par \par \tab translational axes:\par \tab \tab X axis\par \tab \tab Y axis\par \tab \tab Z axis\par \par \tab rotational axes:\par \tab \tab R axis\par \tab \tab U axis\par \tab \tab V axis\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Mappings\b0 \uldb0 \v Mappings\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Install Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + A:00007}
K{\footnote K Install Uninstall}
K{\footnote K StkWorks.ini}
K{\footnote K Install}
K{\footnote K Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Install Uninstall\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Installation:\b0 \par Several entries have to be made in the registry. It is highly recommended that this be left to the installation program.\par \par For the brave of heart attempting a manual installation, please read the Manual Install section next.\par \par \b Manual Install\b0 \par 1) The following files are required:\par     \tab Windows NT:\par         \tab \tab StkWksNT.reg\tab \tab registry settings\par         \tab \tab StkWksNT.dll\tab \tab StickWorks\par \tab \tab StkWks.hlp\tab \tab help file\par \tab \tab StkWks.ini\tab \tab \tab registration code\par \par     \tab Windows 95:\par         \tab \tab StkWks95.reg\tab \tab registry settings\par         \tab \tab StkWks95.dll\tab \tab StickWorks\par \tab \tab StkWks.hlp\tab \tab help file\par \tab \tab StkWks.ini\tab \tab \tab registration code\par \par 2)  Place all the StickWorks files, except for StkWks.ini, in the:\par \par \tab C:\\Program Files\\\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners\\StickWorks\par \par directory.  If this directory does not exist, create it.\par \par Place StkWks.ini in your Windows directory, usually C:\\WinNT (Windows NT) or C:\\Windows (Windows 95).\par \par 3) Double click on the registry settings file:\par \par \tab StkWksNT.reg\par or\par \par \tab StkWks95.reg\par \par as appropriate, to install it to the Windows registry.\par \par 4) Load StickWorks into SolidWorks with the SolidWorks Addin Manager:\par \par \tab Tools->Addins\par \par \b Manual Uninstall\b0 \par 1) Delete all files in the directory.\par \par 2) Optionally, run the registry editor (regedit.exe); search for all keys with "StkWks" in them; delete these keys.\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Machine ID}
#{\footnote # Machine_ID}
+{\footnote + A:00008}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Machine ID\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This is a unique number to identify the machine from other machines.  The software registration code is licensed to this machine only.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par You may copy this number to the Windows clipboard using ctrl-insert.  You may then paste it into an email or fax to obtain your registration code.\par \par This field is not editable since it is unique to the machine.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \cf1 \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Code}
#{\footnote # Code}
+{\footnote + A:00009}
K{\footnote K software registration code}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Code\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the unique software registration code for your machine.  If successful, this will write the code to the currently loaded *.ini file.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the software registration code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \cf5 \b \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Registration}
#{\footnote # Registration}
+{\footnote + A:00010}
K{\footnote K Software Registration Code}
K{\footnote K Register}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Registration\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \f15 \b \cf0 Limitations of Software\b0 \par \pard Without a valid software registration code, the software will only function for 15 minutes before closing.  All functions are enabled for the 15 minutes.  The program may be reloaded for additional lots of 15 minutes.\par \par \b Getting a Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "SolidPartners->StickWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab copy "Machine ID" to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste into email or fax by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type or write in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab send to \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners with payment\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab a software registration code will be sent by return email or fax\par \pard \par \b Entering the Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if software registration code has been received by email, copy software registration code to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "SolidPartners->StickWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste software registration code from clipboard by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab press "Register" button\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if successful, this will write the software registration code to the currently loaded *.ini file\par \pard \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID and software registration codes are case sensitive.\fs28 \par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + A:00011}
K{\footnote K polling}
K{\footnote K calibrated}
K{\footnote K default settings}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Known Bugs or Problems\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 StickWorks polls the joystick port very rapidly and this results in 100% CPU utilisation.  Whilst this does not seem to affect SolidWorks performance, we will be working at reducing this.\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par Before running the software for the first time, make sure your joystick is properly calibrated.  This may be done through the Windows control panel.    (see:  \b \uldb Calibrate\b0 \uldb0 \v calibrate\v0 )\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par When the program starts, it looks for the file \i StkWorks.ini\i0  in the Windows directory.  If this is not found, it will assume default settings.\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par All actions are disabled if the joystick control panel is active.  This is to prevent spurious actions from occurring when testing or calibrating the joystick.  (see:  \b \uldb Calibrate\b0 \uldb0 \v calibrate\v0 )\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + A:00012}
K{\footnote K Issues}
K{\footnote K Windows NT}
K{\footnote K Installing a Joystick}
K{\footnote K Installing a Soundcard}
K{\footnote K SoundBlaster }
K{\footnote K Plug and Play}
K{\footnote K WaveBlaster }
K{\footnote K non-PNP sound cards}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Issues\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Installing a Joystick Under Windows NT v4.0\b0 \par From the NT FAQ: \par \par Q. How do I install a Joystick in NT?\par \par A. On the NT CD goto directory drvlib\\multimed\\joystick\\x86 and right click oemsetup.inf and select install.\par \par \par \b Installing a Soundcard Under Windows NT v4.0\b0 \par From the NT FAQ: \par \par Q. How do I install my SoundBlaster Sound Card?\par \par A. If you have one of the newer Plug and Play Sound Blaster cards then the install is simple.\par \par   1. Insert the NT installation CD\par   2. Goto the drvlib\\pnpisa\\x86 directory\par   3. Right click on the pnpisa.inf file and select install\par   4. Reboot the Machine\par   5. Once restarted NT will detect any ISA PnP devices including your Sound\par      Card, the drivers are on the CD in directory drvlib\\audio\\sbpnp\\i386\par \par If you have one of the older non-PNP sound cards download the file awent40.exe and follow the instructions that come with the file once expanded.\par \par Q. How do I install a WaveBlaster card?\par \par A. Follow the instructions below:\par \par   1. From Control Panel, double click MultiMedia\par   2. Click the Devices tab and click Add\par   3. Select "MPU-401 Compatible Driver"\par   4. Insert the NT CD-ROM and click OK, you will be prompted for the port\par      setting (usually 300h or 330h)\par   5. Reboot the machine\par   6. After reboot from Control Panel, double click MultiMedia and goto the\par      Midi tab\par   7. Click on "Single Instrument" and select "Generic MPU-401" driver.\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + A:00013}
K{\footnote K About}
K{\footnote K email}
K{\footnote K web}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 About\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Commercial Version\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:   925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com \tab \par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \par \page 
}