{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Arial Black;
\f19\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f20\fswiss Impact;
\f21\fswiss Verdana;
\f22\froman Webdings;
\f23\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f24\fmodern Arial Alternative Symbol;
\f25\fmodern Arial Alternative;
\f26\fswiss Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
+{\footnote + 00001}
K{\footnote K Contents}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 \b0 Contents\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \uldb \cf0 Enabled\uldb0 \v Enabled\v0 \par \uldb Normal\uldb0 \v Normal\v0 \par \uldb Normal + Modifier\uldb0 \v Normal___Modifier\v0 \par \uldb Threshold\uldb0 \v Threshold\v0 \par \uldb Opposite Sense\uldb0 \v Opposite_Sense\v0 \par \uldb Polling Frequency\uldb0 \v Polling_Frequency\v0 \par \uldb Start Minimised\uldb0 \v Start_Minimised\v0 \par \uldb Auto Save\uldb0 \v Auto_Save\v0 \par \uldb Auto Save Interval\uldb0 \v Auto_Save_Interval\v0 \par \uldb Type\uldb0 \v Type\v0 \par \uldb Calibrate\uldb0 \v Calibrate\v0 \par \uldb Open\uldb0 \v Open\v0 \par \uldb Save\uldb0 \v Save\v0 \par \uldb Save As\uldb0 \v Save_As\v0 \par \uldb Exit\uldb0 \v Exit\v0 \par \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \uldb Controllers\uldb0 \v Controllers\v0 \par \uldb Axes\uldb0 \v Axes\v0 \par \uldb Point of View Hat\uldb0 \v Point_of_View_Hat\v0 \par \uldb StickWorks as a Service\uldb0 \v StickWorks_as_a_Service\v0 \par \uldb Known Bugs or Problems\uldb0 \v Known_Bugs_or_Problems\v0 \par \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \uldb About\uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Enabled}
#{\footnote # Enabled}
+{\footnote + A:00001}
K{\footnote K Enabled}
K{\footnote K axis }
K{\footnote K button}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Enabled\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f4 \fs24 \pard \f15 \fs28 \cf0 Check box to allow action with axis or button.\f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Normal}
#{\footnote # Normal}
+{\footnote + A:00002}
K{\footnote K Normal}
K{\footnote K axis }
K{\footnote K button }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Normal\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Action assigned to axis or button when no button is pressed.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Normal + Modifier\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Normal___Modifier\v0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Normal + Modifier}
#{\footnote # Normal___Modifier}
+{\footnote + A:00003}
K{\footnote K Normal + Modifier}
K{\footnote K modifier}
K{\footnote K axis }
K{\footnote K button }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Normal + Modifier\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 One button may be designated a 'modifier' button to alter the actions associated with an axis.  This action is assigned to the axis when modifier button is pressed in conjunction with movement along this axis.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Normal\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Normal\cf5 \b \v0 \par \f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Threshold}
#{\footnote # Threshold}
+{\footnote + A:00004}
K{\footnote K Threshold}
K{\footnote K joystick 'jitter'}
K{\footnote K range }
K{\footnote K minimum movement}
K{\footnote K 'jitter'}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Threshold\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f4 \fs24 \pard \f15 \fs28 \cf0 Minimum movement required to initiate axis action.  The full range is -100 to +100.  The threshold is to allow for joystick 'jitter'.\f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Opposite Sense}
#{\footnote # Opposite_Sense}
+{\footnote + A:00005}
K{\footnote K Opposite Sense}
K{\footnote K direction }
K{\footnote K opposite }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Opposite Sense\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Check box to interpret joystick axis movements in the opposite direction to the standard.  This will affect both the 'Normal' and 'Normal + Modified' actions.  This is probably most useful for zooming in and out.\par \page 
${\footnote $ Polling Frequency}
#{\footnote # Polling_Frequency}
+{\footnote + A:00006}
K{\footnote K Polling Frequency}
K{\footnote K interval}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn Update Frequency\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Interval, in milliseconds, between reading the joystick port.  The minimum and maximum values are determined by the joystick driver.\f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Start Minimised}
#{\footnote # Start_Minimised}
+{\footnote + A:00007}
K{\footnote K Start Minimised}
K{\footnote K minimised }
K{\footnote K StkWorks.ini}
K{\footnote K default settings}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Start Minimised\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Starts StickWorks as a minimised icon in the taskbar (Windows 95 and NT).  The settings will be read from the \i StkWorks.ini\i0  file in the Windows directory.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Auto Save}
#{\footnote # Auto_Save}
+{\footnote + A:00008}
K{\footnote K Auto Save}
K{\footnote K active document}
K{\footnote K save}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Auto Save\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Check box to periodically save the active document.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Auto Save Interval\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Auto_Save_Interval\cf5 \b \v0 \par \f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Auto Save Interval}
#{\footnote # Auto_Save_Interval}
+{\footnote + A:00009}
K{\footnote K Auto Save Interval}
K{\footnote K save }
K{\footnote K active document}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Auto Save Interval\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Period, in minutes, between saving the active document.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Auto Save\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Auto_Save\cf5 \b \v0 \par \f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Type}
#{\footnote # Type}
+{\footnote + A:00010}
K{\footnote K Type}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Type\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Select type of joystick to show arrangement of axes and buttons.  This does not have any effect on the operation of the program.  In the future, if the joystick can be reliably identified, it may be used to take advantage of any special functionality.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Calibrate\b0 \uldb0 \v Calibrate\v0 \par \tab \cf5 \b \tab \uldb Issues\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v issues\f4 \fs24 \v0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Calibrate}
#{\footnote # Calibrate}
+{\footnote + A:00011}
K{\footnote K Calibrate}
K{\footnote K control panel}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Calibrate\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Start standard Windows joystick calibration and test control panel.  Any movement or button presses are ignored whilst the control panel is active.\par \par see also:\tab \cf5 \b \uldb Type\uldb0 \v TYPE\cf1 \b0 \v0 \par \tab \cf5 \b \tab \uldb Issues\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v issues\f4 \fs24 \v0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Point of View Hat}
#{\footnote # Point_of_View_Hat}
+{\footnote + A:00012}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Point of View Hat\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 The point of view (POV) hat is a multidirectional switch, generally mounted on the top of the joystick handle.  It generally supports four or eight discrete directions.  Some implementations support continuous directions.\par \par This version of StickWorks supports four directions.  To StickWorks, the hat appears as four buttons.  Thus, any function which may be assigned to a button may also be assigned to one of the four hat directions.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Enabled\b0 \uldb0 \v Enabled\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Normal\b0 \uldb0 \v Normal\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Axes\b0 \uldb0 \v Axes\v0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Controllers}
#{\footnote # Controllers}
+{\footnote + A:00013}
K{\footnote K Controllers}
K{\footnote K controller}
K{\footnote K game pad}
K{\footnote K SpaceOrb}
K{\footnote K Spacetec }
K{\footnote K Logitech }
K{\footnote K Cyberman}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Controllers\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Any controller, games or otherwise, which is available in the Windows joystick control panel, is able to be used by StickWorks.  Most controllers come with Windows 95 joystick drivers.  (see:  \b \uldb Type\b0 \uldb0 \v Type\v0 ) \par \par Any joystick for which there is a device driver should work.  If you can calibrate your joystick through the Windows control panel, StickWorks can use it.\par \par Only one joystick is supported at this stage.  It is possible to support two joysticks but functionality would be lost from those joysticks with extended functionality.  That is, with two joysticks installed, each is treated as a two axis-two button joystick, regardless of the type.  This means both joysticks are reduced to the lowest common denominator.\par \par No game pads have been tested but should work.\par \par The Spacetec SpaceOrb 6 Degree of Freedom Game Controller is not supported under Windows NT until a Windows NT device driver is released.  If you want to use a SpaceOrb, look at OrbWorks:\par \tab http://www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com/OrbWorks.html\par OrbWorks supports the SpaceOrb under Windows 95 and Windows NT.  It supports all 6 degrees of freedom and all 6 buttons.\par \par The Logitech Cyberman2 will be supported under Windows NT as soon as a Windows NT device driver is released.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Axes}
#{\footnote # Axes}
+{\footnote + A:00014}
K{\footnote K Point of View Hat}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Axes\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Axes\b0 \par Most joysticks support at least two axes - X and Y.  More joysticks are now supporting additional axes.  In particular, rotation about the X, Y and Z axes are now being supported.\par \par Unfortunately, there are no standard conventions as to how the Z axis and rotational axes are implemented on the controller.  For example, the MS Sidewinder Pro implement the Z axis movement through a slider on the base of the joystick.  In contrast, the SpaceOrb implements the Z axis movement by pushing or pulling the ball up or down.\par \par In the program the following axes are supported through the joystick driver:\par \par \tab translational axes:\par \tab \tab X axis\par \tab \tab Y axis\par \tab \tab Z axis\par \par \tab rotational axes:\par \tab \tab R axis\par \tab \tab U axis\par \tab \tab V axis\par \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Point of View Hat\b0 \uldb0 \v Point_of_View_Hat\v0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Open}
#{\footnote # Open}
+{\footnote + A:00015}
K{\footnote K Open}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Open\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Open an *.ini file to load settings for axis and button assignments.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Save\uldb0 \v SAVE\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Save As\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Save_As\cf5 \b \v0 \par \f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Save}
#{\footnote # Save}
+{\footnote + A:00016}
K{\footnote K Save}
K{\footnote K StkWorks.ini}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Save\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Save axis and button assignments to current file.\par \par Default file name is:\par \tab Windows 95\tab \tab \tab \i windows\i0 \\StkWorks.ini\par \tab Windows NT\tab \tab \i windows\i0 \\StkWorks.ini\par \par where:\par \tab \i windows\tab \i0 is the Windows directory\par \par This file is loaded on startup.  If it cannot be found, default settings are used.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Open\uldb0 \v OPEN\b0 \v0 \par \b \tab \tab \uldb Save As\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Save_As\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Install / Uninstall\cf1 \b0 \uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\cf5 \b \v0 \par \f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Save As}
#{\footnote # Save_As}
+{\footnote + A:00017}
K{\footnote K Save As}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Save As\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f4 \fs24 \pard \f15 \fs28 \cf0 Save axis and button assignments to a different *.ini file.\par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Open\uldb0 \v OPEN\b0 \v0 \par \b \tab \tab \uldb Save\uldb0 \v SAVE\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \v0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Exit}
#{\footnote # Exit}
+{\footnote + A:00018}
K{\footnote K Exit}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Exit\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Quit the program.  If any of the settings have changed, they will not be saved to the \i StkWorks.ini\i0  file.\f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Install Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + A:00019}
K{\footnote K Install Uninstall}
K{\footnote K StkWorks.ini}
K{\footnote K Install}
K{\footnote K Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Install Uninstall\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Manual Install \b0 \par Copy/unzip the executable (\i StkWorks.exe\i0 ) and help \i (StkWorks.hlp\i0 ) file to a directory of your choice.  Optionally, copy/unzip the default configuration file (\i StkWorks.ini\i0 ) to your Windows directory.\par \par \b Manual Uninstall\b0 \par Delete the executable, help and all configuration (\i *.ini\i0 ) files in the directory.  Delete the \i StkWorks.ini\i0  file from the Windows directory, if it exists. \par \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \uldb Save\uldb0 \v SAVE\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \v0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Machine ID}
#{\footnote # Machine_ID}
+{\footnote + A:00020}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Machine ID\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This is a unique number to identify the machine from other machines.  The software registration code is licensed to this machine only.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par You may copy this number to the Windows clipboard using ctrl-insert.  You may then paste it into an email or fax to obtain your registration code.\par \par This field is not editable since it is unique to the machine.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \cf1 \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Code}
#{\footnote # Code}
+{\footnote + A:00021}
K{\footnote K software registration code}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Code\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the unique software registration code for your machine.  If successful, this will write the code to the currently loaded *.ini file.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the software registration code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \cf5 \b \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Registration}
#{\footnote # Registration}
+{\footnote + A:00022}
K{\footnote K Software Registration Code}
K{\footnote K Register}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Registration\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \f15 \b \cf0 Limititations of Software\b0 \par \pard Without a valid software registration code, the software will only function for 15 minutes before closing.  All functions are enabled for the 15 minutes.  The program may be restarted for additional lots of 15 minutes.\par \par \b Getting a Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "Help" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab copy "Machine ID" to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste into email or fax by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type or write in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab send to \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners with payment\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab a software registration code will be sent by return email or fax\par \pard \par \b Entering the Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if software registration code has been received by email, copy software registration code to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "Help" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste software registration code from clipboard by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab press "Register" button\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if successful, this will write the software registration code to the currently loaded *.ini file\par \pard \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID and software registration codes are case sensitive.\fs28 \par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ StickWorks as a Service}
#{\footnote # StickWorks_as_a_Service}
+{\footnote + A:00023}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 StickWorks as a Service\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 From the NT FAQ:\par \par \tab The NT Resource Kit includes a utility called SRVANY.EXE which runs an applications as a service. There is more information on this at:\par \tab http://www.microsoft.com/kb/articles/q137/8/90.htm\par \par also read the file that comes with the resource kit (Start - Resource Kit - Configuration - Running  an application as a service).\par \par To run your application as a service using Windows 95, \par \par \tab 1) add a new string value to this registry key: \par \tab \tab HKLM\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\RunServices\par      \tab 2) enter the full path to the executable (StkWorks.exe) \par      \tab 3) reboot machine\par \par There is a very good description how to do these at: \par \tab http://vb.duke-net.com/howto/service.shtml\par \tab http://vb.duke-net.com/howto/service2.shtml\par \tab http://www.cat-soft.com/srvany.htm\par  \tab http://iris.acs.neu.edu/~mcknight/WINDOWSNT/srvany.html\par  \tab http://mspress.microsoft.com/RESLINK/PREVIEW/TOOLBOX/tools3/srvany.htm\par \par We haven't been able to get this one working and would be keen for somebody to give us some feedback on this.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + A:00024}
K{\footnote K Windows 95}
K{\footnote K floating point exception }
K{\footnote K one instance}
K{\footnote K control panel}
K{\footnote K Dr Watson}
K{\footnote K Task Manager}
K{\footnote K Windows N}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Known Bugs or Problems\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 StickWorks \b must\b0  be shutdown before SolidWorks otherwise an error occurs. \par \par Under Windows NT, this causes a Dr Watson error and another instance of SolidWorks is started.  This is not visible and must be terminated from the Task Manager (press CTRL-ALT-DEL).\par \par Under Windows 95, this is causes an OLE error and another instance of SolidWorks is started.  This is not visible and must be terminated from the Task Manager (press CTRL-ALT-DEL).\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par Before running the software for the first time, make sure your joystick is properly calibrated.  This may be done through the Windows control panel.    (see:  \b \uldb Calibrate\b0 \uldb0 \v calibrate\v0 )\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par When the program starts, it looks for the file \i StkWorks.ini\i0  in the Windows directory.  If this is not found, it will assume default settings.  (see:  \b \uldb Save\b0 \uldb0 \v save\v0 )\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par There may be problems under Windows 95 when the program tries to load the supplied \i StkWorks.ini\i0  file.  This usually shows up as lots of error message boxes advising a floating point exception has occurred.  Delete the supplied \i StkWorks.ini\i0  file and the program should start up with default settings.\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par Only one instance of the program is allowed.  This is so that only one set of actions is interpreted from the joystick.\par \par ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par All actions are disabled if the joystick control panel is active.  This is to prevent spurious actions from occurring when testing or calibrating the joystick.  (see:  \b \uldb Calibrate\b0 \uldb0 \v calibrate\v0 )\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + A:00025}
K{\footnote K Issues}
K{\footnote K Windows NT}
K{\footnote K Installing a Joystick}
K{\footnote K Installing a Soundcard}
K{\footnote K SoundBlaster }
K{\footnote K Plug and Play}
K{\footnote K WaveBlaster }
K{\footnote K non-PNP sound cards}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Issues\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Installing a Joystick Under Windows NT v4.0\b0 \par From the NT FAQ: \par \par Q. How do I install a Joystick in NT?\par \par A. On the NT CD goto directory drvlib\\multimed\\joystick\\x86 and right click oemsetup.inf and select install.\par \par \par \b Installing a Soundcard Under Windows NT v4.0\b0 \par From the NT FAQ: \par \par Q. How do I install my SoundBlaster Sound Card?\par \par A. If you have one of the newer Plug and Play Sound Blaster cards then the install is simple.\par \par   1. Insert the NT installation CD\par   2. Goto the drvlib\\pnpisa\\x86 directory\par   3. Right click on the pnpisa.inf file and select install\par   4. Reboot the Machine\par   5. Once restarted NT will detect any ISA PnP devices including your Sound\par      Card, the drivers are on the CD in directory drvlib\\audio\\sbpnp\\i386\par \par If you have one of the older non-PNP sound cards download the file awent40.exe and follow the instructions that come with the file once expanded.\par \par Q. How do I install a WaveBlaster card?\par \par A. Follow the instructions below:\par \par   1. From Control Panel, double click MultiMedia\par   2. Click the Devices tab and click Add\par   3. Select "MPU-401 Compatible Driver"\par   4. Insert the NT CD-ROM and click OK, you will be prompted for the port\par      setting (usually 300h or 330h)\par   5. Reboot the machine\par   6. After reboot from Control Panel, double click MultiMedia and goto the\par      Midi tab\par   7. Click on "Single Instrument" and select "Generic MPU-401" driver.\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + A:00026}
K{\footnote K About}
K{\footnote K email}
K{\footnote K web}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 About\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Commercial Version\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:    925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com \tab \par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \par \page 
}