{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Arial Black;
\f19\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f20\fswiss Impact;
\f21\fswiss Verdana;
\f22\froman Webdings;
\f23\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f24\fmodern Arial Alternative Symbol;
\f25\fmodern Arial Alternative;
\f26\fswiss Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
+{\footnote + 00001}
K{\footnote K Contents}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 \b0 Contents\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \uldb \cf0 Getting Started\uldb0 \v Getting_Started\v0 \par \uldb Enable Email\uldb0 \v Enable_Email\v0 \par \uldb Enable MCD\uldb0 \v Enable_MCD\v0 \par \uldb Enable Model Changes from Drawing\uldb0 \v Enable_Model_Changes_from_Drawing\v0 \par \uldb Show Tips at Start\uldb0 \v Show_Tips_at_Start\v0 \par \uldb Remove\uldb0 \v Remove\v0 \par \uldb Read\uldb0 \v Read\v0 \par \uldb Write\uldb0 \v Write\v0 \par \uldb Install/Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \uldb Grayed Controls\uldb0 \v Grayed_Controls\v0 \par \uldb Known Bugs or Problems\uldb0 \v Known_Bugs_or_Problems\v0 \par \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \uldb About\uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Getting Started}
#{\footnote # Getting_Started}
+{\footnote + A:00001}
K{\footnote K Getting Started}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Getting Started\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \fs0 \cf0 \{bml PWRWORKS.SHG\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 1:  PowerWorks main screen\par \par Move cursor over figure to go to links.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Enable Email}
#{\footnote # Enable_Email}
+{\footnote + A:00002}
K{\footnote K Enable Email}
K{\footnote K performance email}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Enable Email\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 read performance email setting from:\par \par [HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\SolidWorks\\SolidWorks 98\\SW Event Log]\par "Email Enabled"=dword:00000000\par \par [HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\SolidWorks\\SolidWorks 98Plus\\SW Event Log] "Email Enabled"=dword:00000000\par \par see also:\tab \uldb grayed controls\uldb0 \v grayed_controls\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Enable MCD}
#{\footnote # Enable_MCD}
+{\footnote + A:00003}
K{\footnote K Enable MCD}
K{\footnote K mini-client driver}
K{\footnote K graphics card}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Enable MCD\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 read graphics card mini-client driver setting from:\par \par [HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\SolidWorks\\Performance]\par "Enable MCD"=dword:00000001\par \par [HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\SOFTWARE\\SolidWorks\\Performance] \par "Enable MCD"=dword:00000001\par \par see also:\tab \uldb grayed controls\uldb0 \v grayed_controls\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Enable Model Changes from Drawing}
#{\footnote # Enable_Model_Changes_from_Drawing}
+{\footnote + A:00004}
K{\footnote K Enable Model Changes from Drawing}
K{\footnote K changes from drawings}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Enable Model Changes from Drawing\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 read allow changes from drawings setting from:\par \par [HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\SolidWorks\\General]\par "Disable model changes from drawings"=dword:00000000 \par \par [HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\SOFTWARE\\SolidWorks\\General]\par "Disable model changes from drawings"=dword:00000000 \par \par see also:\tab \uldb grayed controls\uldb0 \v grayed_controls\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Show Tips at Start}
#{\footnote # Show_Tips_at_Start}
+{\footnote + A:00005}
K{\footnote K Show Tips at Start}
K{\footnote K Tip of the Day}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Show Tips at Start\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 read show "Tip of the Day" setting from:\par \par [HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\Software\\SolidWorks\\TipOfDay] "ShowTipsAtStart"=dword:00000000\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Remove}
#{\footnote # Remove}
+{\footnote + A:00006}
K{\footnote K Remove}
K{\footnote K Remove}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Remove\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 enumerates applications under:\par [HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\SolidWorks\\Applications] [HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\Software\\SolidWorks\\Applications]\par \par Note that this does not indicate whether or not the application actually exists.\par \par All registry entries for the selected application are removed.  However, the settings are saved to a registry file in the current directory.  This file has the name of app with a suffix to indicate its branch eg\par \par \tab ZipWorks_LM.reg\tab \tab "LM" for HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\par \tab ZipWorks_CU.reg\tab \tab "CU" for HKEY_CURRENT_USER\par \par To restore the registry settings, double click on both the registry files in Windows Explorer.\par \par To properly remove an application, the CLSID entries in registry should also be deleted.  However, leaving these entries in the registry is usually benign.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Read}
#{\footnote # Read}
+{\footnote + A:00007}
K{\footnote K Read}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Read\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 reads current settings from the registry.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb grayed controls\uldb0 \v grayed_controls\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Write}
#{\footnote # Write}
+{\footnote + A:00008}
K{\footnote K write}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Write\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 writes the current settings into the registry\par \par see also:\tab \uldb grayed controls\uldb0 \v grayed_controls\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Install/Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + A:00009}
K{\footnote K Install/Uninstall}
K{\footnote K Install}
K{\footnote K Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Install/Uninstall\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Installation:\b0 \par Just copy the executable and help files to a directory of your choice.  The help file should be in the same directory as the executable file.\par \par \b Manual Uninstall\b0 \par Simply delete all files in the directory.  You may wish to save any registry files for any applications you have removed.\par \par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Grayed Controls}
#{\footnote # Grayed_Controls}
+{\footnote + A:00010}
K{\footnote K Grayed Controls}
K{\footnote K HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE }
K{\footnote K HKEY_CURRENT_USER }
K{\footnote K Enable Email}
K{\footnote K Enable MCD}
K{\footnote K Enable Model Changes from Drawing}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Grayed Controls\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 several settings exist in both the the HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE and HKEY_CURRENT_USER hives.  These settings are:\par \par \tab Enable Email\par \tab Enable MCD\par \tab Enable Model Changes from Drawing\par \par If there is any inconsistency between these two locations, the appropriate control is grayed to indicate this.\par \par When writing the settings, if a control is grayed, the setting is uncertain.  Thus, writing this setting will not be written.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Enable Email\uldb0 \v Enable_Email\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Enable MCD\uldb0 \v Enable_MCD\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Enable Model Changes from Drawing\uldb0 \v Enable_Model_Changes_from_Drawing\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + A:00011}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Known Bugs or Problems\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 there are no known bugs or problems at the moment!\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + A:00012}
K{\footnote K Issues}
K{\footnote K removing }
K{\footnote K Windows NT}
K{\footnote K Windows 95}
K{\footnote K registry}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Issues\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 We are still working on removing installed SolidWorks applications.  However, there are significant differences in the way that Windows NT and Windows 95 handle the registry.\par \par For the moment, this option has not been enabled.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + A:00013}
K{\footnote K About}
K{\footnote K email}
K{\footnote K web}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 About\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Commercial Version\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:    925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com \tab \par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \par \page 
}