{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Tahoma;
\f19\froman MT Extra;
\f20\fswiss Arial Narrow;
\f21\fswiss Arial Black;
\f22\froman Bookman Old Style;
\f23\fnil Monotype Sorts;
\f24\froman Map Symbols;
\f25\froman Garamond;
\f26\fswiss Impact;
\f27\fswiss Bookshelf Symbol 1;
\f28\fnil Bookshelf Symbol 2;
\f29\froman Bookshelf Symbol 3;
\f30\fswiss Bookshelf Symbol 4;
\f31\fnil Bookshelf Symbol 5;
\f32\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f33\fswiss Arial Rounded MT Bold;
\f34\froman Book Antiqua;
\f35\fscript Brush Script MT;
\f36\froman Century Schoolbook;
\f37\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f38\froman Georgia;
\f39\fswiss Haettenschweiler;
\f40\fswiss Trebuchet MS;
\f41\fswiss Verdana;
\f42\froman Webdings;
\f43\fnil MS Outlook;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
+{\footnote + 00001}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Contents\f4 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \uldb \cf0 Getting Started\uldb0 \v Getting_Started\v0 \par \uldb Configuration\uldb0 \v Configuration\v0 \par \uldb Read\uldb0 \v Read\v0 \par \uldb Write\uldb0 \v Write\v0 \par \uldb Read All\uldb0 \v Read_All\v0 \par \uldb Write All\uldb0 \v Write_All\v0 \par \uldb Main Menu\uldb0 \v Main_Menu\v0 \par \uldb Path To Program\uldb0 \v Path_To_Program\v0 \par \uldb Browse\uldb0 \v Browse\v0 \par \uldb Menu Text\uldb0 \v Menu_Text\v0 \par \uldb Hint Text\uldb0 \v Hint_Text\v0 \par \uldb Machine ID\uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \uldb Dual Boot\uldb0 \v Dual_Boot\v0 \par \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \uldb Code\uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \uldb Registration\uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \uldb Known Bugs or Problems\uldb0 \v Known_Bugs_or_Problems\v0 \par \uldb About\uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Getting Started}
#{\footnote # Getting_Started}
+{\footnote + A:00001}
K{\footnote K Getting Started}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Getting Started\b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \fs0 \cf0 \{bml MW01.SHG\}\pard \fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 1:  MenuWorks Editor showing settings for top level menu\par \par \par \pard \fs0 \{bml MW02.SHG\}\pard \fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 2:  MenuWorks Editor showing settings for first program\par \par Move cursor over figures to go to links.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Configuration}
#{\footnote # Configuration}
+{\footnote + A:00002}
K{\footnote K Configuration}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Configuration\f4 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 You can either manually edit the supplied 'MenuWorks.ini' file or use the included MenuWorks editor program.\par \par The MenuWorks editor program has restricted functionality for unregistered users.\par \par The format of the 'MenuWorks.ini' file is as follows:\par \par \tab [LM_Main]\par \tab Title=\i "&Utilities"\i0 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab top level menu name\par \tab \par \tab \i \par \i0 \tab [LM_Program0]\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab first program\par \tab Prog_Name=\i "explorer.exe"\i0 \tab \tab \tab command line\par \tab Menu_Text=\i "Explorer"\i0 \tab \tab \tab \tab text to appear in menu\par \tab Hint_Text=\i "manage your files"\i0 \tab \tab \tab text to appear in status bar\par \tab \par \tab \par \tab [LM_Program1]\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab second program etc\par \tab Prog_Name=\i "c:\\winzip\\winzip32.exe"\i0 \tab \tab full path to program, if not in path\par \tab Menu_Text=\i "WinZip"\i0 \par \tab Hint_Text=\i "compress/uncompress a file"\i0 \par \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Configuration\b0 \uldb0 \v Configuration\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Read\uldb0 \v Read\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Write\b0 \uldb0 \v Write\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Read All\b0 \uldb0 \v Read_All\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Write All\b0 \uldb0 \v Write_All\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Registration\uldb0 \v Registration\b0 \v0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Read}
#{\footnote # Read}
+{\footnote + A:00003}
K{\footnote K Read}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Read\b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This will read the settings for the program on the current tab page.  The path to the program, menu text and hint text are all read from the MenuWorks.ini file in your Windows directory.  These are then displayed in the text boxes on the current tab page.\par \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Configuration\b0 \uldb0 \v Configuration\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Write\b0 \uldb0 \v Write\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Read All\b0 \uldb0 \v Read_All\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Write All\b0 \uldb0 \v Write_All\b \v0 \par \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Write}
#{\footnote # Write}
+{\footnote + A:00004}
K{\footnote K Write}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Write\b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This will write the settings for the program on the current tab page.  The path to the program, menu text and hint text are all written to the MenuWorks.ini file in your Windows directory.  These values are taken from the text boxes on the current tab page.\par \par Note that the changes will not take effect until either SolidWorks is restarted or MenuWorks is reloaded.\par \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Configuration\b0 \uldb0 \v Configuration\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Read\b0 \uldb0 \v Read\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Read All\b0 \uldb0 \v Read_All\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Write All\b0 \uldb0 \v Write_All\b \v0 \par \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Read All}
#{\footnote # Read_All}
+{\footnote + A:00005}
K{\footnote K Read All}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Read All\b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This will read the settings for the program on each tab page.  The path to the program, menu text and hint text are all read from the MenuWorks.ini file in your Windows directory.  This is done for each of the tab pages.  These values for each individual program are then displayed in the text boxes on the tab page for that program.\par \par Information for the Main Menu tab page is also read and displayed.\par \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Configuration\b0 \uldb0 \v Configuration\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Write\b0 \uldb0 \v Write\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Read\b0 \uldb0 \v Read\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Write All\b0 \uldb0 \v Write_All\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Main Menu\b0 \uldb0 \v Main_Menu\b \v0 \par \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Write All}
#{\footnote # Write_All}
+{\footnote + A:00006}
K{\footnote K Write All}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Write All\b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This will write the settings for the programs on each tab page.  The path to the program, menu text and hint text are all written to the MenuWorks.ini file in your Windows directory.  This is done for each of the tab pages.  These values for each individual program are taken from the text boxes on the tab page for that program.\par \par Information for the Main Menu is written to the MenuWorks.ini file and taken from the text box on the Main Menu tab page.\par \par Note that the changes will not take effect until either SolidWorks is restarted or MenuWorks is reloaded.\par \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Configuration\b0 \uldb0 \v Configuration\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Write\b0 \uldb0 \v Write\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Read\b0 \uldb0 \v Read\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Read All\b0 \uldb0 \v Read_All\b \v0 \par \b0 \tab \tab \b \uldb Main Menu\b0 \uldb0 \v Main_Menu\b \v0 \par \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Main Menu}
#{\footnote # Main_Menu}
+{\footnote + A:00007}
K{\footnote K Main Menu}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Main Menu\b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the text to appear in the SolidWorks menu bar.  This text will appear as the sixth (6 th) menu item from the left.  Normally, this will be before the 'Tools' menu, provided no other addins are loaded.  If other addins are loaded, then the exact position is dependent on the order in which SolidWorks loads the addins.\par \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Menu Text\b0 \uldb0 \v Menu_Text\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Hint Text\b0 \uldb0 \v Hint_Text\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Read All\b0 \uldb0 \v Read_All\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Write All\b0 \uldb0 \v Write_All\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Path To Program}
#{\footnote # Path_To_Program}
+{\footnote + A:00008}
K{\footnote K Path To Program}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Path To Program\b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Either manually enter the name and full path of the program, or use the browse function to locate the program.\par \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Browse\b0 \uldb0 \v Browse\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Browse}
#{\footnote # Browse}
+{\footnote + A:00009}
K{\footnote K Browse}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Browse\b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Use a standard Windows browse dialog to locate the program.  The program can be an executable file (*.exe or *.com) or a batch file (*.bat).  Other types of programs can be selected by typing a filter in the file name text box in the browse dialog.\par \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Path  To Program\b0 \uldb0 \v Path_To_Program\b \v0 \par \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Menu Text}
#{\footnote # Menu_Text}
+{\footnote + A:00010}
K{\footnote K Menu Text}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Menu Text\b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the text to appear in the drop down menu list.\par \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Main Menu\b0 \uldb0 \v Main_Menu\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Hint Text\b0 \uldb0 \v Hint_Text\b \v0 \par \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Hint Text}
#{\footnote # Hint_Text}
+{\footnote + A:00011}
K{\footnote K Hint Text}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Hint Text\b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the text to appear in SolidWorks status bar.  This can be a short description of the program.\par \par Note that the SolidWorks status bar must be enabled for this to appear.  This is set in SolidWorks through toggling the View->Status Bar menu option.\par \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Main Menu\b0 \uldb0 \v Main_Menu\b \v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Menu Text\b0 \uldb0 \v Menu_Text\b \v0 \par \b0 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Machine ID}
#{\footnote # Machine_ID}
+{\footnote + A:00012}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Machine ID\f4 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This is a unique number to identify the machine from other machines.  The software registration code is licensed to this machine only.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par You may copy this number to the Windows clipboard using ctrl-insert.  You may then paste it into an email or fax to obtain your registration code.\par \par This field is not editable since it is unique to the machine.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \cf1 \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Dual Boot}
#{\footnote # Dual_Boot}
+{\footnote + A:00013}
K{\footnote K Dual Boot}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Dual Boot\f4 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f4 \fs24 \pard \f15 \fs28 \cf0 If you are using a dual boot system to switch between Windows NT and Windows 95, the automatic installation program will detect the operating system and install the correct file for the operating system.\par \par The filenames for the two operating systems are different so that MenuWorks may be installed to the same directory for both operating systems.\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Install Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + A:00014}
K{\footnote K Install Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Install Uninstall\f4 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Installation:\b0 \par Several entries have to be made in the registry. It is highly recommended that this be left to the installation program.\par \par For the brave of heart attempting a manual installation, please read the Manual Install section next.\par \par \b Manual Install\b0 \par 1) The following files are required:\par     \tab Windows NT:\par         \tab \tab MenuWorksNT.reg\tab \tab registry settings\par         \tab \tab MenuWorksNT.dll\tab \tab \tab MenuWorks\par \tab \tab MenuWks.hlp\tab \tab \tab help file\par \tab \tab MenuWorks.ini\tab \tab \tab registration code\par \par     \tab Windows 95:\par         \tab \tab MenuWorks95.reg\tab \tab \tab registry settings\par         \tab \tab MenuWorks95.dll\tab \tab \tab MenuWorks\par \tab \tab MenuWks.hlp\tab \tab \tab help file\par \tab \tab MenuWorks.ini\tab \tab \tab registration code\par \par 2)  Place all the MenuWorks files, except for MenuWorks.ini, in the:\par \par \tab C:\\Program Files\\\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners\\MenuWorks\par \par directory.  If this directory does not exist, create it.\par \par Place MenuWorks.ini in your Windows directory, usually C:\\WinNT (Windows NT) or C:\\Windows (Windows 95).\par \par 3) Double click on the registry settings file:\par \par \tab MenuWorksNT.reg\par or\par \par \tab MenuWorks95.reg\par \par as appropriate, to install it to the Windows registry.\par \par \par \b Manual Uninstall\b0 \par 1) Delete all files in the directory.\par \par 2) Optionally, run the registry editor (regedit.exe); search for all keys with "MenuWorks" in them; delete these keys.\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Code}
#{\footnote # Code}
+{\footnote + A:00015}
K{\footnote K Code}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Code\f4 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the unique software registration code for your machine.  If successful, this will write the code to a file.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the software registration code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \cf5 \b \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Registration}
#{\footnote # Registration}
+{\footnote + A:00016}
K{\footnote K Registration}
K{\footnote K Configuration}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Registration\f4 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \f15 \b \cf0 Limitations of Software\b0 \par \pard Without a valid software registration code, the software has the following restrictions:\par \par \tab 'MenuWorks' fixed top level menu name\par \tab 'About...' menu item\par \tab 'Help...' menu item\par \tab 'Register...' menu item\par \tab only two (2) menu items\par \tab no hints\par \tab 'About' box displays on startup\par \par The registered version is configurable for the top level menu name and will load a maximum of ten (10) menu items.  These are the only menu items loaded ie there is no 'About...', 'Help...' or 'Register...' menu items.  Hints are also able to be specified and the 'About' box doesn't show up.\par \par Another benefit of registration is full functionality of the MenuWorks editor.\par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Configuration\uldb0 \v Configuration\b0 \v0 \par \par \b Getting a Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "MenuWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab copy "Machine ID" to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste into email or fax by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type or write in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab send to \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners with payment\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab a software registration code will be sent by return email or fax\par \pard \par \b Entering the Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx270 \fi-360 \li360 \tab  \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if software registration code has been received by email, copy software registration code to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "MenuWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste software registration code from clipboard by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab press "Register" button\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if successful, this will write the software registration code to the currently loaded *.ini file\par \pard \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID and software registration codes are case sensitive.\fs28 \par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + A:00017}
K{\footnote K Known Bugs or Problems}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Known Bugs or Problems\f4 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + A:00018}
K{\footnote K About}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 About\f4 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Commercial Version\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:    925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com \tab \par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + A:00019}
K{\footnote K Issues}
\keepn \f15 \fs36 \pard \keepn \f15 \b \cf0 Issues\f4 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \par \cf0 Please make sure you have the correct version of MenuWorks for your operating system.  There are separate versions for Windows NT and Windows 95.  They are not interchangeable.\par \par The correct files and locations are:\par \par \tab Windows NT:\par \tab \tab files:\par \tab         \tab \tab MenuWorksNT.dll\par \tab \tab \tab MenuWks.hlp\par \tab \tab \tab MenuWorks.ini\par \tab \tab location:\par \tab \tab \tab C:\\Program Files\\\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners\\MenuWorks\par \par \tab Windows 95:\par \tab \tab files:\par \tab \tab \tab MenuWorks95.dll\par \tab \tab \tab MenuWks.hlp\par \tab \tab \tab MenuWorks.ini\par \tab \tab location:\par \tab \tab \tab C:\\Program Files\\\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners\\MenuWorks\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
}