{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Arial Black;
\f19\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f20\fswiss Impact;
\f21\fswiss Verdana;
\f22\froman Webdings;
\f23\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f24\fmodern Arial Alternative Symbol;
\f25\fmodern Arial Alternative;
\f26\fswiss Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
+{\footnote + 00001}
K{\footnote K Contents}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 \b0 Contents\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \uldb \cf0 Getting Started\uldb0 \v Getting_Started\v0 \par \uldb Add\uldb0 \v Add\v0 \par \uldb Remove\uldb0 \v Remove\v0 \par \uldb Print\uldb0 \v Print\v0 \par \uldb hidden lines visible\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_visible\v0 \par \uldb hidden lines grayed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_grayed\v0 \par \uldb hidden lines removed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_removed\v0 \par \uldb shaded\uldb0 \v shaded\v0 \par \uldb isometric\uldb0 \v isometric\v0 \par \uldb zoom to fit\uldb0 \v zoom_to_fit\v0 \par \uldb Open\uldb0 \v Open\v0 \par \uldb Save\uldb0 \v Save\v0 \par \uldb Save As\uldb0 \v Save_As\v0 \par \uldb Select Printer\uldb0 \v Select_Printer\v0 \par \uldb View Log\uldb0 \v View_Log\v0 \par \uldb Print Setup\uldb0 \v Print_Setup\v0 \par \uldb Exit\uldb0 \v Exit\v0 \par \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \uldb Machine ID\uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \uldb Code\uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \uldb Registration\uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \uldb Print\uldb0 \v Print\v0 \par \uldb Known Bugs or Problems\uldb0 \v Known_Bugs_or_Problems\v0 \par \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \uldb About\uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Getting Started}
#{\footnote # Getting_Started}
+{\footnote + A:00001}
K{\footnote K Getting Started}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Getting Started\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \fs0 \cf0 \{bml PLTWORKS.SHG\}\pard \fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 1:  PlotWorks main screen\par \par Move cursor over figure to go to links.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Add}
#{\footnote # Add}
+{\footnote + A:00002}
K{\footnote K Add}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Add\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 starts a dialog box to add files to the list to be printed.  Multiple selection is allowed using the standard Windows conventions.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Remove\uldb0 \v Remove\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Remove}
#{\footnote # Remove}
+{\footnote + A:00003}
K{\footnote K Remove}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Remove\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 deletes selected files from the list to be printed.  Multiple selection is allowed using the standard Windows conventions.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Add\uldb0 \v Add\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Print}
#{\footnote # Print}
+{\footnote + A:00004}
K{\footnote K Print}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Print\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 prints all the files in the list according to the selected options.  Note that all sheets in drawing files are printed.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Select Printer\uldb0 \v Select_Printer\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Print Setup\uldb0 \v Print_Setup\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ hidden lines visible}
#{\footnote # hidden_lines_visible}
+{\footnote + A:00005}
K{\footnote K hidden lines visible}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 hidden lines visible\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 prints parts and assemblies with hidden lines visible ie in wireframe.\par \par If no options are specified, the last saved view is used.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb hidden lines grayed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_grayed\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb hidden lines removed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_removed\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb shaded\uldb0 \v shaded\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb isometric\uldb0 \v isometric\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb zoom to fit\uldb0 \v zoom_to_fit\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ hidden lines grayed}
#{\footnote # hidden_lines_grayed}
+{\footnote + A:00006}
K{\footnote K hidden lines grayed}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 hidden lines grayed\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 prints parts and assemblies with hidden lines grayed.\par \par If no options are specified, the last saved view is used.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb hidden lines visible\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_visible\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb hidden lines removed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_removed\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb shaded\uldb0 \v shaded\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb isometric\uldb0 \v isometric\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb zoom to fit\uldb0 \v zoom_to_fit\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ hidden lines removed}
#{\footnote # hidden_lines_removed}
+{\footnote + A:00007}
K{\footnote K hidden lines removed}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 hidden lines removed\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 prints parts and assemblies with hidden lines removed.\par \par If no options are specified, the last saved view is used.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb hidden lines visible\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_visible\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb hidden lines grayed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_grayed\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb shaded\uldb0 \v shaded\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb isometric\uldb0 \v isometric\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb zoom to fit\uldb0 \v zoom_to_fit\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ shaded}
#{\footnote # shaded}
+{\footnote + A:00008}
K{\footnote K shaded}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 shaded\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 prints parts and assemblies in shaded mode.\par \par If no options are specified, the last saved view is used.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb hidden lines visible\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_visible\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb hidden lines grayed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_grayed\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb hidden lines removed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_removed\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb isometric\uldb0 \v isometric\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb zoom to fit\uldb0 \v zoom_to_fit\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ isometric}
#{\footnote # isometric}
+{\footnote + A:00009}
K{\footnote K isometric}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 isometric\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 prints parts and assemblies after changing to the currently defined isometric view.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb hidden lines visible\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_visible\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb hidden lines grayed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_grayed\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb hidden lines removed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_removed\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb shaded\uldb0 \v shaded\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb zoom to fit\uldb0 \v zoom_to_fit\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ zoom to fit}
#{\footnote # zoom_to_fit}
+{\footnote + A:00010}
K{\footnote K zoom to fit}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 zoom to fit\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 prints parts and assemblies after scaling the last view to fit all components to the screen.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb hidden lines visible\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_visible\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb hidden lines grayed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_grayed\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb hidden lines removed\uldb0 \v hidden_lines_removed\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb shaded\uldb0 \v shaded\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb isometric\uldb0 \v isometric\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Open}
#{\footnote # Open}
+{\footnote + A:00011}
K{\footnote K Open}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Open\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 opens a text file containing a list of files to print.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Save\uldb0 \v Save\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Save As\uldb0 \v Save_As\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Save}
#{\footnote # Save}
+{\footnote + A:00012}
K{\footnote K Save}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Save\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 saves all files in the list to a text file.  If the name of the text file has not been selected, you will be prompted to provide this.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Open\uldb0 \v Open\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Save As\uldb0 \v Save_As\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Save As}
#{\footnote # Save_As}
+{\footnote + A:00013}
K{\footnote K Save As}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Save As\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 saves all files in the list to a text file with a different name.  If the name of the text file has not been selected, you will be prompted to provide this.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Open\uldb0 \v Open\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Save\uldb0 \v Save\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Select Printer}
#{\footnote # Select_Printer}
+{\footnote + A:00014}
K{\footnote K Select Printer}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Select Printer\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 starts a standard Windows dialog to select the printer to print to.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Print\uldb0 \v Print\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Print Setup\uldb0 \v Print_Setup\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ View Log}
#{\footnote # View_Log}
+{\footnote + A:00015}
K{\footnote K View Log}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 View Log\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \fs0 \cf0 \{bml PW_LOG.SHG\}\fs28 \par \pard \par \par Figure 2:  Activity Log\par \par A record is kept of all activity when printing SolidWorks files.  This is very useful in troubleshooting and diagnosing errors.  Text in the log may be copied to the clipboard and pasted into any Windows application.\par \par The log may be accessed through the \i File->View Log\i0  menu option.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Print Setup}
#{\footnote # Print_Setup}
+{\footnote + A:00016}
K{\footnote K Print Setup}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Print Setup\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 starts a standard Windows dialog to configure the current default printer.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Print\uldb0 \v Print\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Select Printer\uldb0 \v Select_Printer\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Exit}
#{\footnote # Exit}
+{\footnote + A:00017}
K{\footnote K Exit}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Exit\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Quit the program.  Any files in the list will not be printed or saved.\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Install Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + A:00018}
K{\footnote K Install Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Install Uninstall\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Manual Install \b0 \par Copy/unzip the executable (\i PltWorks.exe\i0 ) and help \i (PltWorks.hlp\i0 ) file to a directory of your choice.  Optionally, copy/unzip the default configuration file \i (PltWorks.ini\i0 ) to your Windows directory.\par \par \b Manual Uninstall\b0 \par Delete the executable, help and all configuration (\i *.ini\i0 ) files in the directory.  Delete the \i PltWorks.ini\i0  file from the Windows directory, if it exists. \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Machine ID}
#{\footnote # Machine_ID}
+{\footnote + A:00019}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K reinstall }
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Machine ID\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This is a unique number to identify the machine from other machines.  The software registration code is licensed to this machine only.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par You may copy this number to the Windows clipboard using ctrl-insert.  You may then paste it into an email or fax to obtain your registration code.\par \par This field is not editable since it is unique to the machine.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \cf1 \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Code}
#{\footnote # Code}
+{\footnote + A:00020}
K{\footnote K Code}
K{\footnote K software registration code}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Code\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the unique software registration code for your machine.  If successful, this will write the code to the currently loaded *.ini file.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the software registration code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \cf5 \b \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Registration}
#{\footnote # Registration}
+{\footnote + A:00021}
K{\footnote K Registration}
K{\footnote K Limititations }
K{\footnote K software registration code}
K{\footnote K reinstall }
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Registration\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \f15 \b \cf0 Limitations of Software\b0 \par \pard Without a valid software registration code, the software will only print out the first 5 documents.  All functions are enabled for the 5 documents.  The program may be restarted for additional lots of 5 documents.\par \par \b Getting a Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "Help" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab copy "Machine ID" to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste into email or fax by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type or write in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab send to \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners with payment\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab a software registration code will be sent by return email or fax\par \pard \par \b Entering the Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if software registration code has been received by email, copy software registration code to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "Help" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste software registration code from clipboard by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab press "Register" button\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if successful, this will write the software registration code to the currently loaded *.ini file\par \pard \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID and software registration codes are case sensitive.\fs28 \par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Print}
#{\footnote # Print}
+{\footnote + A:00022}
K{\footnote K Print}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Print\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 prints all the files in the list according to the selected options.  Note that all sheets in drawing files are printed.\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Print Setup\uldb0 \v Print_Setup\v0 \par \tab \tab \uldb Select Printer\uldb0 \v Select_Printer\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + A:00023}
K{\footnote K Known Bugs or Problems}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Known Bugs or Problems\par \b0 \pard \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + A:00024}
K{\footnote K Issues}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Issues\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 There may be some problems with timeouts when printing to network printers.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + A:00025}
K{\footnote K About}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 About\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Commercial Version\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:   925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \par \page 
}