{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Arial Black;
\f19\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f20\fswiss Impact;
\f21\fswiss Verdana;
\f22\froman Webdings;
\f23\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f24\fmodern Arial Alternative Symbol;
\f25\fmodern Arial Alternative;
\f26\fswiss Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
K{\footnote K Contents}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Contents\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \page 
${\footnote $ Getting Started}
#{\footnote # Getting_Started}
+{\footnote + A:00001}
K{\footnote K Getting Started}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Getting Started\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 ViewWorks comes in two forms, a SolidWorks addin:\par \par \par \par \par \par Figure 1:  ViewWorks option added to SolidWorks Save As dialog box\par \par \par and a utility to convert files in batch mode:\par \par \par \par \par \par Figure 2:  ViewWorks batch conversion utility\par \par Move cursor over figure to go to links.\par \par When saved in, or converted to, this format, ViewWorks will remove all design, parametric and contraint information from the file.  This will allow you to distribute these files for review without compromising your intellectual property.\par \par It is impossible to reconstruct the original SolidWorks model from a file saved in ViewWorks format.  This ensures the security of your design.  You can then safely distribute your SolidWorks files, safe in the knowledge that your intellectual property cannot be compromised.\par \par The files can be opened in either standard SolidWorks or the SolidWorks Viewer.\par \par The resultant file size is also dramatically reduced, in some cases by up to 90%!  This means easier and faster transfer by email or ftp.\par \par see also:\tab \par \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Save All}
#{\footnote # Save_All}
+{\footnote + A:00002}
K{\footnote K Save All}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Save All\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This will allow you to save a list of files for later retrieval.  This is very useful when you have to regularly convert large numbers of SolidWorks files.\par \par The default file extension is *.txt and the files may be edited with any plain text editor, such as Windows Notepad.\par \par see also:\tab \par \page 
${\footnote $ Install Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + A:00003}
K{\footnote K Install Uninstall}
K{\footnote K Install}
K{\footnote K Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Install Uninstall\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Installation:\b0 \par Several entries have to be made in the registry. It is highly recommended that this be left to the installation program.\par \par For the brave of heart attempting a manual installation, please read the Manual Install section next.\par \par \b Manual Install\b0 \par 1) The following files are required:\par     \tab Windows NT:\par         \tab \tab ViewWorksNT.reg\tab \tab registry settings\par         \tab \tab ViewWorksNT.dll\tab \tab ViewWorks\par \tab \tab VWks.hlp\tab \tab help file\par \tab \tab ViewWorks.ini\tab \tab \tab registration code\par \par     \tab Windows 95:\par         \tab \tab ViewWorks95.reg\tab \tab registry settings\par         \tab \tab ViewWorks95.dll\tab \tab ViewWorks\par \tab \tab VWks.hlp\tab \tab help file\par \tab \tab ViewWorks.ini\tab \tab \tab registration code\par \par 2)  Place all the ViewWorks files, except for ViewWorks.ini, in the:\par \par \tab C:\\Program FilesSolidPartners\\ViewWorks\par \par directory.  If this directory does not exist, create it.\par \par Place ViewWorks.ini in your Windows directory, usually C:\\WinNT (Windows NT) or C:\\Windows (Windows 95).\par \par 3) Double click on the registry settings file:\par \par \tab ViewWorksNT.reg\par or\par \par \tab ViewWorks95.reg\par \par as appropriate, to install it to the Windows registry.\par \par 4) Load StickWorks into SolidWorks with the SolidWorks Addin Manager:\par \par \tab Tools->Addins\par \par \b Manual Uninstall\b0 \par 1) Delete all files in the directory.\par \par 2) Optionally, run the registry editor (regedit.exe); search for all keys with "ViewWorks" in them; delete these keys.\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Machine ID}
#{\footnote # Machine_ID}
+{\footnote + A:00004}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Machine ID\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 This is a unique number to identify the machine from other machines.  The software registration code is licensed to this machine only.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par You may copy this number to the Windows clipboard using ctrl-insert.  You may then paste it into an email or fax to obtain your registration code.\par \par This field is not editable since it is unique to the machine.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\cf5 \b \tab \cf1 \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\cf5 \b \v0 \par \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Code}
#{\footnote # Code}
+{\footnote + A:00005}
K{\footnote K software registration code}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Code\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Enter the unique software registration code for your machine.  If successful, this will write the code to the ViewWorks.ini file.\par \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the software registration code is case sensitive.\par \fs28 \par see also:\b \tab \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \cf5 \b \tab \tab \cf1 \uldb Registration\b0 \uldb0 \v Registration\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Registration}
#{\footnote # Registration}
+{\footnote + A:00006}
K{\footnote K Software Registration Code}
K{\footnote K Register}
K{\footnote K Machine ID}
K{\footnote K case sensitive}
K{\footnote K reinstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Registration\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \f15 \b \cf0 Limitations of Software\b0 \par \pard Without a valid software registration code, the software will only save in the SolidWorks Viewer format 5 times.  All functions are enabled for the 5 times.  The program may be reloaded for additional lots of 5 saves.\par \par \b Getting a Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "SolidPartners->ViewWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab copy "Machine ID" to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste into email or fax by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type or write in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab send to \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners with payment\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab a software registration code will be sent by return email or fax\par \pard \par \b Entering the Software Registration Code\b0 \par \pard \tx360 \fi-360 \li360 \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if software registration code has been received by email, copy software registration code to clipboard by pressing ctrl-insert\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab goto "SolidPartners->ViewWorks" menu\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab select "Register"\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab paste software registration code from clipboard by pressing shift-insert or\par \tab \tab \tab type in manually\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab press "Register" button\par \tab \f17 \'b7\f15 \tab if successful, this will write the software registration code to the currently loaded *.ini file\par \pard \par If you have to reinstall the operating system, please contact \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners for another software registration code.\par \par \fs48 Please note that the machine ID and software registration codes are case sensitive.\fs28 \par \par see also:\tab \b \uldb Machine ID\b0 \uldb0 \v Machine_ID\v0 \par \tab \tab \b \uldb Code\b0 \uldb0 \v Code\v0 \par \tab \b \tab \uldb About\b0 \uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + A:00007}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Known Bugs or Problems\par \b0 \pard \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + A:00008}
K{\footnote K Issues}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Issues\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + A:00009}
K{\footnote K About}
K{\footnote K email}
K{\footnote K web}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 About\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Commercial Version\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:   925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com \tab \par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \par \page 
}