{\rtf1\ansi\deff11
{\fonttbl
\f0\fswiss System;
\f1\fmodern Terminal;
\f2\fmodern Fixedsys;
\f3\fmodern Courier;
\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;
\f5\froman MS Serif;
\f6\froman Roman;
\f7\fscript Script;
\f8\fmodern Modern;
\f9\fswiss Small Fonts;
\f10\fnil Marlett;
\f11\fswiss Arial;
\f12\fmodern Courier New;
\f13\fmodern Lucida Console;
\f14\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;
\f15\froman Times New Roman;
\f16\fnil Wingdings;
\f17\froman Symbol;
\f18\fswiss Arial Black;
\f19\fscript Comic Sans MS;
\f20\fswiss Impact;
\f21\fswiss Verdana;
\f22\froman Webdings;
\f23\fswiss Century Gothic;
\f24\fmodern Arial Alternative Symbol;
\f25\fmodern Arial Alternative;
\f26\fswiss Tahoma;
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
${\footnote $ Contents}
#{\footnote # Contents}
+{\footnote + 00001}
K{\footnote K Contents}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 \b0 Contents\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \uldb \cf0 Description\uldb0 \v Description\v0 \par \uldb Install/Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \uldb Dual Boot\uldb0 \v Dual_Boot\v0 \par \uldb Known Bugs or Problems\uldb0 \v Known_Bugs_or_Problems\v0 \par \uldb Issues\uldb0 \v Issues\v0 \par \uldb About\uldb0 \v About\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Description}
#{\footnote # Description}
+{\footnote + A:00001}
K{\footnote K Description}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Description\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 PictureWorks\'99 is an addin for the solids modeling software SolidWorks\'ae.\'a0It allows you to copy the current bitmap image to the clipboard.\'a0 You can then paste directly into any software which supports a bitmap format.\par \par PictureWorks\'99 eliminates the intermediate step of having to save the current file as a TIFF file.\par \par PictureWorks\'99 works with parts, assemblies and drawings.\par \par Supports Windows 95 and Windows NT. \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Install/Uninstall}
#{\footnote # Install_Uninstall}
+{\footnote + A:00002}
K{\footnote K Install/Uninstall}
K{\footnote K Install}
K{\footnote K Uninstall}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Install/Uninstall\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \f15 \b \cf0 Installation:\b0 \par Several entries have to be made in the registry. It is highly recommended that this be left to the installation program.\par \par For the brave of heart attempting a manual installation, please read the Manual Install section next.\par \par \b Manual Install\b0 \par 1) The following files are required:\par     \tab Windows NT:\par         \tab \tab PictureWorksNT.reg\tab \tab registry settings\par         \tab \tab PictureWorksNT.dll\tab \tab PictureWorks\par \tab \tab PictWks.hlp\tab \tab \tab \tab help file\par \par     \tab Windows 95:\par         \tab \tab PictureWorks95.reg\tab \tab registry settings\par         \tab \tab PictureWorks95.dll\tab \tab PictureWorks\par \tab \tab PictWks.hlp\tab \tab \tab \tab help file\par \par 2)  Place all the PictureWorks files in the:\par \par \tab C:\\Program Files\\SolidPartners\\PictureWorks\par \par directory.  If this directory does not exist, create it.\par \par 3) Double click on the registry settings file:\par \par \tab PictureWorksNT.reg\par or\par \par \tab PictureWorks95.reg\par \par as appropriate, to install it to the Windows registry.\par \par \par \b Manual Uninstall\b0 \par 1) Delete all files in the directory.\par \par 2) Optionally, run the registry editor (regedit.exe); search for all keys with "PictureWorks" in them; delete these keys.\par \f4 \fs24 \par \page 
${\footnote $ Dual Boot}
#{\footnote # Dual_Boot}
+{\footnote + A:00003}
K{\footnote K Dual Boot}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Dual Boot\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 If you are using a dual boot system to switch between Windows NT and Windows 95, the automatic installation program will detect the operating system and install the correct file for the operating system.\par \par The filenames for the two operating systems are different so that PictureWorks\'99 may be installed to the same directory for both operating systems.\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Known Bugs or Problems}
#{\footnote # Known_Bugs_or_Problems}
+{\footnote + A:00004}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Known Bugs or Problems\par \b0 \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 there are no known bugs or problems at the moment!\par \par \page 
${\footnote $ Issues}
#{\footnote # Issues}
+{\footnote + A:00005}
K{\footnote K Issues}
K{\footnote K locations }
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 Issues\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 Please make sure you have the correct version of PictureWorks\'99 for your operating system.  There are separate versions for Windows NT and Windows 95.  They are not interchangeable.\par \par The correct files and locations are:\par \par \tab Windows NT:\par \tab \tab files:\par \tab         \tab \tab PictureWorksNT.dll\par \tab \tab \tab PictWks.hlp\par \tab \tab location:\par \tab \tab \tab C:\\Program Files\\SolidPartners\\PictureWorks\par \par \tab Windows 95:\par \tab \tab files:\par \tab \tab \tab PictureWorks95.dll\par \tab \tab \tab PictWks.hlp\par \tab \tab location:\par \tab \tab \tab C:\\Program Files\\SolidPartners\\PictureWorks\par \par see also:\tab \uldb Install Uninstall\uldb0 \v Install_Uninstall\v0 \par \par \page 
${\footnote $ About}
#{\footnote # About}
+{\footnote + A:00006}
K{\footnote K About}
K{\footnote K email}
K{\footnote K web}
\keepn \f15 \cf13 \fs36 \b \pard \keepn \f15 About\f4 \cf1 \fs24 \b0 \par \pard \f15 \fs28 \pard \cf0 CommercialVersion\par \par Support:\par \tab \cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners, Inc.\par \tab 2155  Las Positas Ct, Suite D\par  \tab Livermore, California  94550\par  \tab USA\par \par \tab tel:    925-373-3443\par \tab fax:   925-373-3445\par \tab email:  sales@\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com \tab \par \tab web:    www.\cf10 Solid\cf1 Partners.com\par \par \page 
}